and he said i'm gonna play a tone and i want you to mentally hum that tone and he said that you
will eventually feel a connection the line will change when i saw the sine wave move
i went oh okay well there's a mental disconnect there that
that's not supposed to be happening that this is not this is not possible
our guest today is an air force sergeant who worked at the highest levels on classified
projects in electronics and signals intelligence for the united states government we have thorough
documentation of his military records his service is not something you can really argue with nor is
his mental health this is the most nonchalant conversation i've ever had about alien telepathic
communication in this exclusive long-form interview retired technical sergeant dan sherman
claims that while serving in the air force in the early 90s he was recruited for an extremely
classified program at the nsa or national security agency this program was called project preserve
destiny project preserve destiny's purpose to telepathically decode alien signals for the nsa
you heard me right alien signals that seem to telepathically transmit descriptions of alien
abductions across the united states alien signals that ultimately gave our very curious guest
answers about the very nature of the alien presence on earth how these beings travel how they conceive of
time what they think about humans and much much more
dan sherman was originally told by the air force captain who read him into the program
that he was given this telepathic ability by the aliens themselves when they abducted sherman's
pregnant mother in the early 1960s and altered his genetics while he was a fetus in her womb
this genetic blueprint would allow him to grow into what the nsa would dub an intuitive communicator
with the ic communication you can feel it in your brain you can feel now you can't you can't localize
it it's not a localization but i can feel like it's in that area of my brain right there
whoa sherman believes the nsa may even have tracked him since childhood into his young adulthood and military
service until he was finally read into the program do you think that the nsa or powers that be know that
this interview is happening
because of the extremely sensitive nature of this nsa program and its ties to black programs dan tries
to abstain mentioning which bases this project preserve destiny was conducted at but my researchers
and i were able to locate one of these bases and i bring it up at the end of this interview catching
sherman a bit off guard not only that but at the end of this video we explore an independent researcher's
use of the freedom of information act to learn more about project preserve destiny he sent a request to
the government to see all of the files on it as you'll see both the air force and nsa's responses to his
request are fairly telling the point is the skeptics can have at it but this case isn't going away it's
very hard to dismiss i'd argue that dan sherman's story is one of the most important ufo legacy
program related accounts we have to contend with so sit back relax and prepare to have your worldview
crumble with this week's very courageous american alchemist retired sergeant intuitive alien communicator
and ufo whistleblower dan sherman dan sherman thank you so much for being here this for me is a dream
come true and has been a long time coming uh i've read your incredible book above black and it documents
uh an experience that to me is so fascinating it's kind of in some ways high strangeness it doesn't
comport with a lot of the other stories and so that to me that's uh that is like the perfect combo of
like what i want to investigate because you seem like a really cool lucid guy and then you're talking
about being an intuitive communicator you know downloading signals uh from aliens for the nsa yeah
which is pretty amazing yeah it is uh and downloading is an interesting uh description but uh it definitely was
because you couldn't see it so it looked like it was downloading or decrypting or i don't know yeah
receiving i i'd like to say receiving but receiving yeah okay why do you like to say that well downloading
kind of uh um denotes some sort of machine or you know we we associate downloading with uh bits and
and data and it wasn't like that it was just a thought yeah it was a thought that came so i i just
trying to keep it organic as opposed to machine related yeah and i know we got you know in the
book i talk about machines and and how i interface with the computer and all that so there is a machine
component in my training but after that it wasn't really much of a machine so right well why don't we
take things back to your to your childhood uh where'd you grow up um grew up in a lot of places uh
uh between kindergarten and 12th grade i i went to 27 schools so 27 schools yeah what was the reason
for that we just moved a lot my my dad was a welder and we were very very poor and um just you know
went with the wind and and of course i had step parents and i went to live with my grandma and my
aunt and you know there was a lot of broken home type situation too so i was going from one place
to another all the time wow yeah but there was no sort of military brat no your dad was just a welder
yeah no there was no military component interesting and you just even being here today is sort of
unlikely right because your your mother was having trouble giving birth for a long time and you were
kind of an anomaly yeah the doctors uh she had a an accident when she was like 10 or 11 she fell off
the tailgate of a pickup truck and her social organs were messed up and the doctors basically said she'd
never carry a baby to term and um and she had many miscarriages but i was only one that i like to say i was
only miscarriage that came that was uh that lived anyway so it it was definitely an interesting
uh correlation i guess to the to the story after i found out about you know yeah i found out about
kind of correlated it was like well maybe there was some protective angels there somehow yeah well
everybody listening now should put a pin in what you just said because we can't get ahead of ourselves
we can't but there are some very interesting details to come about your mother so what made
you want to become um air force electronics intelligence well i we managed some horse stables
in niba city california and we had a a person who um boarded their horse there and he was a major
in the air force and he was a sr 71 pilot and of course that fascinated me here i am a fourth grader you
know being able to interface with somebody who's been on the news that met president carter you
know that he was like a hero to me and um and we would talk he i remember conversations with him when
we were watching his daughter uh ride the horse that they were boarding um he would tell me about
flying in the air force and as a kid you know you get enamored with stuff like that and it it stuck with
me and and so i definitely wanted to and i was very patriotic as well so i really wanted to do
something in that realm which is serving so it kind of came all together when i was in high school and
were you interested in tech or electronics or signals or anything like that i was always interested in
in technology and of course you know in 1974 when i met him um technology was a color tv you know
there wasn't really any technology per se just science fiction and star trek and you know all
that type stuff um so i was definitely interested in that but as time went on yes i became more and
more interested when tech became more advanced and i definitely a techie definitely mm-hmm okay so how
long did you serve just generically 12 years okay 12 years i was in the air force for 12 years okay
and where were you stationed i was stationed in korea italy um colorado north dakota uh nebraska
and texas for a while and i went tdy of course temporary duty for my schooling yeah fort need uh with at
the nsa headquarters and um philippines and uh japan so i i went a lot of places to the crazy skeptics out
there would you be able to produce like a dd-214 or like your service record yeah i i can't the main
point of asking about the dd-214 thing is to the super skeptic that's out there oh yeah you have a
service record oh yeah and there's really no way to deny that you were air force electronics
intelligence at the very least yeah yeah and so you get called to go to a school for electronics
intelligence like for like well upgrading your skill set or something when i went into the military i
went in as a security uh security policeman i was uh just a police and and um at the time that i was
taking the tests for the uh to get in you know the asvab tests and the things that they they um test you
on to get you into the military and to also place you they said that i qualified for for every every
job in the air force but i'd have to wait x amount of time if i wanted x job and i didn't want to wait
i was 18 i was out of the military or out of the uh out of school and graduated and i just wanted to go
so i said just give me in any any career field that you you have available right now so that was it
so i went in and um and then after about five four or five years i applied for a cross train and that's
when i was cross trained into elant okay so can you say where you were based when you applied for the
cross training yeah um montana okay i was in montana and my first base as an elanter was in off at air
force base in omaha okay got it and so what as just for the audience basic context what are you
doing as an elant air force officer um we had different collection platforms you have satellite
you have um aircraft you you have um even vehicles we have collectors that collect enemy information
they collect the radio transmissions of of border areas or even over a country and we collect that
electronic emissions and then we as the inland e-landers we analyze all that electronic communications
and what type of electronic emission it is whether it radar or comms or even lasers and
any type of emission that comes from a country we kind of delineate and parse out what it is and then
we look at it for intelligence value and then if it does have like let's say it's a tv station well
we know that and so that's not intelligence value although it could be intelligence value for other
intelligence fields but not us and so we look at the stuff that has to do with radars and and um
military assets that are gonna sense us as their enemy so we need to build jamming packages that
allow us to completely control the airspace and we didn't build the jamming packages but we gave
them the parameters by which they they looked at it the jam jamming people looked at it and they built
their packages based on what we gave them gotcha and so what happens you're you're based it off it
and you're told that you should go to some schooling well i went to school initially for the career field in
in um san angelo texas and then um i became certified you know and and became an elanter and
then that's when i went to off it well i went to off it before but then um just for a little bit but
then i went to school and then back to off it and um i was put up for going to a continuation course which is
called ea 280 you know you become qualified and then you got to do continuation courses to get
you better qualified and that was what ea 280 was and that's what sent me to the nsa complex
and then when i got to got there they sprung this other thing on me and said you're going to be going
to another school while you're here and i was like oh so describe exactly what happened so you go to
the the nsa complex is in maryland is that right yeah it's in laurel maryland there's a big huge
sprawling building there now make sure everybody understands this is 30 some years ago now since then
maybe they've changed things i don't know you know i'm not up on the locations but we're talking circa
1990s okay at that time there was a big huge black black building glass building it's called the um
i think they called it the black box even but um it's the nsa headquarters building in laurel and
um that's where i went to get my security client well actually back up um we went to a hotel and
here's an interesting little thing has nothing to do with ppd bpd but um this is a multi-service school so
they have marines they have navy air force and um an army and so all four services are going in in the
same class and so you have people coming from different bases army bases navy bases and um
this is the difference between the air force and everybody else the air force put it up put us up on
the two air force guys that were there we got put up in holiday inn and all the other services we had to
stay in dorms and and it was a contention believe me when the other services are what you're saying
it what holiday inn well you should have went in the air force dude so anyway we stayed at the holiday
inn and then i got a call um a random call after i got there from the captain um and um he said he
needed to meet with me so he told me where to go at the nsa complex i never really had a need to go to
the nsa complex myself yeah um until he told me that that was what i had to do because because the
there's other buildings and outbuildings and all kinds of stuff in that area of maryland that the
nsa controls and so you can just go to wherever that is for years so you think you're here just for
air force continuing education yeah but you're told that you have to go to the nsa complex and just
again for the audience basic contact what is the nsa uh a national security agency um it it just
it's basically in charge of all of the intelligence that that america does all signals intelligence
every known as known as no such agency yeah yeah that's one of the uh jokes they say why do you think
it um is so much it's it's sort of less well known than like the cia is like the proverbial
you know archetypal intelligence agency yeah and then the nsa you know it's known as no such agency
it's like you know you hear rumors of like mathematicians in virginia or whatever you don't
really know what's going on there cryptographers you know the cia is is a human asset and they use
they're they're they're very uh closely intertwined with the nsa because they use nsa assets and nsa
uses cia cia's assets too so it is it there's a there's a synergy there um but the cia is the the
face of collecting information from other countries foreign intelligence yes that's that's the kind of
the face of it but the underlying base of it is nsa okay so you're here for air force you're in maryland
for air force continuing education yeah what are you thinking when you get called into this nsa well
it it was i thought it was in trouble i thought i thought something what did i do wrong did i feel
something out wrong yeah but but here's the thing is you don't typically have uh an officer a captain
calling you directly and talking to you right usually it's like some you know uh sergeant or somewhere
that's that's giving you information if you need information or calling you in for something so it was
it was a little odd and a little out of character and um or out of the ordinary and so that course
got my mind racing like what what is this what so i i met him at the in the lobby of the nsa he told
me how to get there and i don't know how detailed you want but he we had to go through some security
stuff he had to sign me in because my security clearances weren't as detailed as yeah yeah yeah my
security clearances weren't there so and and that was very common in the military they have to
transmit your security clearances to the next base or to your tdy base or class um schooling or whatever
and so they weren't there yet and he had to sign me in he signed me in and we went in went down the
hallways and he led me to his office and uh he had um now everybody understand this is 30 years ago so
it's it's sometimes hard to remember exactly the uh the details and and probably the only reason i
know as many details as i do know is because i wrote a book about it obviously yeah yeah exactly so i i've
written them and i've said them in interviews and stuff but um and by the way this is the first
first interestingly enough every um person that i've talked to about this in the past like in an
interview situation it's always been a very very canned type of situation where they would ask you
a question yeah i would answer yeah ask me a question answer and edited blah blah blah you know
yeah it was very this is the first time and that's one of the reasons why i want to do it is because
this is a podcast yeah it's informal it's wrong just you can just talk yes and they all and people
will also get a feel for an unedited dan as opposed to because the the interviews in the past
they've been for me anyway too i can't even watch them because they're so cringe it's just well you
come off as reasonable and all well okay reasonable but but it seems very stilted because there's no
conversation yeah it's not a conversation it's just it's not a back and forth natural back exactly
but that that form of journalism i think is dying oh yeah it's like a thing anymore and it's really
see-through as fake it's kind of a boomer legacy yeah thankfully thank you yeah yeah uh anyway so
where were we i can't remember now um so so you're you're in this okay so yeah the the the different
things that um like the technology and stuff i remember that there was a retina scanner and but i
can't remember if there was a retina scanner at his office i don't think there was i think it was just
a a cipher okay you know the the button ciphers anyway uh so we get into his office and it's just
like a normal um you know there's a couch and a chair in front of his desk and like a cabinet that had
some um water on it or something like that it was i think there was a sink um anyway we just sat there
and and he unveiled this
mind-blowing thing to me and you know i i'm just a a boy from oregon that's as couldn't even
imagine something like this happening to him so what was the rank of this guy captain captain all
the all my contacts for the project were captains so he's he's sitting down in front of you and and
and what is he saying exactly as you know i'm always on the hunt for things that help me stay
sharp focused and full of energy while i'm diving into life's mysteries and making this show happen
and i've got to say mud water has completely transformed my mornings back in the day i used
to struggle with that post coffee crash and let's not even get into the caffeine jitters mud water gave
me the smooth steady energy i was missing it's packed with functional mushrooms like lion's mane chaga
and reishi plus turmeric and cacao all working together to keep me focused calm and grounded
honestly it's like coffee went on a yoga retreat and came back zen what i love most is that it's not
just about replacing coffee it's a whole new ritual it's a simple nourishing way to start the day and i
actually look forward to it every morning every ingredient is usda certified organic vegan non-gmo and
there's zero sugar it's energy that doesn't mess with your sleep or make you question your life choices
at 3 a.m ready to make the switch to cleaner energy head to mudwater.com that's mudwtr.com and grab your
starter kit today right now our listeners get an exclusive deal up to 43 off your entire order
plus free shipping and a free rechargeable frother when you use code jesse that's right
up to 43 off with code jesse at mudwtr.com after your purchase they'll ask you how you found them
please show your support and let them know we sent you keep your energy natural and refreshing all year
long with mudwater because life's too short for anything less than clean delicious energy
he's sitting down in front of you and and what is he saying exactly he proceeded to tell me that i was
part of a project that started in 1960 i believe it was and um and that we
it's the genesis of it was in 1947 we came in contact with an alien species and in 1960 they
started a a project it was called project preserve destiny and um it was designed to
genetically manage fetuses human fetuses so that they would have the heightened ability to do this
particular thing that i was going to school for and um my mother was one of the the selected
targets or whatever you want to call it um and her i was conceived in 63 so um he said that she was
she was abducted a couple years before that and and i think that was for the testing and and trying to get
the the right people you know to to continue the program with and so in 1963 when she was uh when she
was um uh had me you know in term um they abducted her again and they uh did the genetic management that
was his words genetic management what that means you know is up to interpretation i guess
um but the result of it was that it gave me the ability to have this communications it's amazing
so he's basically saying that mentions 1947 presumably the year of roswell and a couple of
other famous sightings kenneth arnold i have to put a caveat there um so in in my memories of this
it's possible that i assigned that year okay it's possible sure i don't know i can't remember if he
actually said it because i already knew about the 1940s i mean everybody knows about yeah roswell thing
yeah so he could have alluded to that and i just assigned that year um but he said i i'm positive
that he said due to our our communication or uh coming in contact with an alien species and he might
have said 15 years ago he might have said you know a while ago and then i assigned that or he could
have said 1947 i i can't remember exactly appreciate your honesty and attention i want to make sure that
that's kind of out there so that it that it's not pigeonholed that i i had this scientific memory that
said that it was definitely that because i don't yeah yeah yeah no no and and and i want everybody in
the audience if you're uh 60 years and up to try to remember what happened to you uh you know 35 plus
years ago in vivid detail and then you know report back if you know have you have any critiques for
for this uh no no i really appreciate that so at some point right humanity or the u.s came into
contact with these and i think he i believe he does say gray alien beings well that i think that came
the the gray later terminology came later okay but with alien beings and in 1960 uh this project
begins where the aliens are given access presumably by the american federal government to genetically i
would i would say that the the government was given access okay not because the aliens they had access
whether we liked it or not okay i would imagine okay i mean if you if you think about it because
so the the the they did it in concert with the military or the government but i don't know who
gave access to who sure so maybe the abductions have been ongoing yeah exactly and all of a sudden
the government exactly is interested in developing these intuitive communicators which you'll you know
later become and uh that involves altering the genetics of fetuses inside the womb of specific
mothers one of whom happened to be your mother yes and they also chose it by demographics too because
they um they knew that a certain percentage of offspring would want to go into the military
of course so they could they could track that that progression and to keep it tightly controlled
because you can't i mean if somebody went off to be you know in some job they couldn't control
then it it it would be useless so they they tried to demographically and i would imagine
many of the underprivileged and you know poor people were the ones that were were um poor families
were the ones that were selected and mine was one of those definitely how are you feeling as he's
telling you this uh well i was i i believe i was fairly numb at first like
you know you're getting you're getting information that is so unbelievable that you think okay this has
got to be a joke or this is you know this is uh one of those raise um hazing things you know when you
go somewhere and sometimes they haze you because you're the new person or whatever i mean that did
cross my mind but in in general in general terms i was very numb to the situation until at the at the
end it started to gel like you know this is not a joke because he would have probably revealed it by
now and so and i you know i'm in the nsa complex that this is not some office in some base somewhere
where they're they can do that type of thing you know and joke with you so it it became real very
very very quickly what do you say back to him not a lot um i think i tried to ask some questions but he
he he was very um very business-like as far as the the the revealing of information because he wasn't
i don't think he knew a lot you know to to answer those questions i think he knew exactly what he
needed to do to get his job done just as i'm only was fed the information that i need to get my job
done so that's very common in the in the um classified world is need to know you know if you
have a need to know that then you'll know it but if you don't have a need to know then you have no need
need to know that and he describes the sort of compartmentalization of these programs a little
bit more right in this conversation um he went over the onion effect um he said that you know you have
these different layers that are built in the military and in government in general but definitely military
where you have um one layer hiding another layer and of course when you're at the official use only
and and unclassified aspects of things there's not much of a layer but when you get to the secret
and the top secret and then black and then in our case and in the case of this the gray project
so it one is designed to cover the other and especially when you get up to the black and
gray project because when you have a gray project um obviously you need funding you need the all the
logistics that go into running that and you have to have a reason you have to have a line item you
have to have um justification for manpower and funding and all that so you do that because you
have a black project that's co-located with it and only a select few of the people in the black project
know about the gray project so that they can do their job and administer the gray project but all the
funding all the all the um manpower like you know me going from one base to another it's all under
the auspices of the the black project so it's why because a lot of people even you know in the ufo
community the proverbial thing is like above above top secret which is you know timothy good's famous
canonical ufo book and you're paying homage to it with black and you're saying that above programs that
are by definition black and you know off the books kind of or off the books for the public at least
yeah you have these little cutouts that involve the alien presence which is that's a big claim and
why do you think he would tell you anything about the compartmentalization of it well because i was a
part of it i was going to be a part of it so at that time i was not assigned to any black projects
i i mean i was just like anybody else in the world i mean i i knew of the concept of of of stuff that
is above top secret i even read the book probably i would imagine i did um uh because i remember the
name of it that you just mentioned um so it it it stands to reason that he would he would try to make
me understand that this is just part of that process and you are going to be going to a black project and
that would be your cover so to speak for what you're going to be doing with the projects are
destined so he says that your mother in some way was genetically altered uh when she was getting
no the fetus yeah fetus so you were while inside of her uh in the early 60s and that was in order
for you to become an intuitive communicator who is basically able to receive messages from well
receive and transmit receive and transmit yeah yeah communicate basically back and forth and
he's telling you all this yeah he said that that's what my job would be doing to error that's what my
job would be to do that yes and and then so at that point you know are you saying like why are you
telling me this is there like a follow-up here am i supposed to you know i mean when you're told this
it's it's it's you're you're being your your mind is being bombarded with such a a radical
situation that you don't well and and also in the context of being a military too we have military
protocol that you know we don't ask a lot of questions in the military you know you you're being
told what to do and then you do it you're actually trained not to ask questions or not to give any type of
pushback or anything you just yep yes sir yes sir that's what we're gonna do yes sir yes sir so
in that context it doesn't i mean it may seem like somebody you know joe blow may seem like well if i
was told that i'd be all up in arms what's going on but you don't you don't think like that when you're
an airman or a you know a sergeant you just think okay this is the mission and we're we're going to
go forward does he say anything about the purpose of project preserve destiny and why intuitive
communicators are needed in the first place yeah he said um he said that uh it was due to
some future event and and again he said this is what i've been told so it wasn't like
um he's just a conduit for whatever he's being told
so so there are levels of need to know access and compartmentalization and and so he told me that
there would be some future event where the ability to intuitively communicate would help the military
and help you know command and control and and all that he didn't get into details on it but he just said
that because i mean the training itself was um centered around communicating stuff like that like
logistics and and things like that so he was setting me up for what type of communications would i be
trained for and then he said it's for a future thing that we know is going to happen and you're going to be
one of the communicating um aspects of that future event you'll be allowed or you'll be um relied upon
to do that was it like a cataclysmic event or like you didn't say anything it didn't say anything about
the the the nature of it at all but there was some need to have these intuitive communicators on a go
forward basis the future event thing he said in the future and maybe even the event that that word event
maybe that was something that i put in there i i don't actually recall but but that was my impression
that there would be some event in the future that that would be needed so what happens next we went to
the school he took me in a van to the school and it could have been me coming back to the facility and
then meeting him again don't really remember though um but we we took a van from the facility it was a a blue
marked unmarked van that had black windows it drove to the school that i would be having the instruction
at and couldn't see where we were going at all i mean that was part of the secrecy of it obviously is
i didn't know where the school was and um so we went uh got out in a garage or a room of some it wasn't really a
really uh i don't know what it was it was just it was a interior of a cement building i don't know if
it was a garage or a part of an annex of a building but it was just cement all around us and and the blue
van parked and we got out and 10 about about 10 20 15 feet in front of the the van doors that we got out
was a door it had a palm reader i believe and it might have had a retina scanner i know the interior
one had a retina scanner um we opened the door went into a vestibule that was the door to the elevator
we got in the elevator after doing the hand scan again i think it was the opposite hand the next time
and then um went down i could feel it was going down obviously there was only one button in the elevator
that was it just start basically um the doors opened on the other side of the elevator and we
went into a room it had two consoles in it two computer consoles and a table in the middle
and he told me you know the kind of logistics of the the van would pick me up at my hotel i would go
through elant school and then um i think they gave me like the half hour 45 minutes i can't remember
exactly the time but a short while after i got back from the elant school they would pick me up in the
the blue van would be right there in front of the in the pickup area of the holiday inn and um i would
get in the van and he would drive me to the school and i would do exactly what we just did which is get
out of the van go to the door i might all my information would be in the scanners and uh just
go down and go to my console and put on the headphones and sit there and that would be my
that would be my task every every time and what are they telling you to do when you're sitting there
with with headphones on you know how we're always diving into the edge of science and consciousness on
this show lately i've been thinking a lot about aging not just in terms of years but in how it
actually feels in the body slower recovery lower energy that middle-aged fog that sneaks up on you
i feel like i can barely go out and drink alcohol anymore that's why i started using something called
qualia senolytic and it's been a major shift for me let me explain as we age our bodies accumulate
what scientists call senescent cells also known as zombie cells these are worn out cells that stop
dividing but don't die they hang around in your body draining your energy clogging up your recovery
and generally making you feel older than you are qualia senolytic is a first of its kind supplement
formulated with nine plant-based compounds designed to help your body naturally eliminate these zombie
cells it's not something you take every day just two days a month but it supports your body in aging
better at the cellular level since i've started taking it i've felt sharper lighter and like my
body's resilience has come back online it's vegan non-gmo and grounded in serious research experience
the science of feeling younger go to qualialife.com jesse for up to 50 off your purchase and use code
jesse again that's j-e-s-s-e for an additional 15 off that's q-u-a-l-i-a-l-i-f-e dot com slash jesse j-e-s-s-e
for an extra 15 off your purchase thanks so much to qualia for sponsoring this episode
and what are they telling you to do when you're sitting there with with headphones on well it the
instructor was through the headphones he just said put on the headphones and you'll you'll be told what
to do um when we after you put the headphones on through the headphones and so and he told me also
there would be some pills that i would take so he showed me the pills and he said they'd be right here
on the on the table and he told me also that there would be another student uh in the school
at the same time so that's why there were two consoles and he said you're never to speak with
each other um not even a grunt nothing just you both come to your your your console is going to be
this one and that's it no no talking um and i did finally see that guy and we came about the same time
never at the exact same time but around the same time and um never said a word to one another
took the medicine or uh he told me about the medicine where it would be um
it was very cut and dry i mean there wasn't a lot to it we just had to get in the van and come here
and do exactly what we just did and so you basically had no idea where you were going in the van no and
you're in this extremely nondescript building you just see the inside well i assume it was the
building i mean yeah i don't know if we went down it almost sounds like maybe it's underground yeah
well i know the school the consoles were i i'm positive that yeah but well i guess maybe not
positive because we could have gone up into a building and then gone sure who knows but we did go
down so i assume it's underground um and i don't i i think the building was ground level too because i
i don't remember going up any you know inclines or down or any of that so it was ground level meaning
that the school was probably underground the school itself was under a building that was
on ground and i believe also you're talking about the intense secrecy uh the captain who you call
captain white in the book who briefed you initially said you're not to speak about this with anybody
unless they're involved in project preserve destiny yeah that's right there would he told me there
would be a pass-off so um or an introduction or i can't remember the terminology is but somebody would
be he would introduce me to somebody when i needed to do it in the future if i went to another or when i
went to another base so he was my contact for there and then i would get another contact at another
location and whatever location i was at i would always be introduced by the previous
uh contact so i would never have any need to go up to somebody and say are you or none of that
they would come to you yeah yeah it would always be like a le carre
book or something it's like a spy thriller it's like you'll be greeted by a man and yeah
yeah at this telephone booth or so so yeah okay so this is very close and it was a telephone
at one introduction really yeah it's like meet at a telephone booth or something no it was uh i got a call
a public telephone booth well it wasn't public it was the dorm the dorm that i was living in okay
at the first base that i went to i was in a dorm and there was a like a a dorm
phone so okay in the hallway and so somebody came in and said um you have a phone call
so fascinating and so that he told me and that was captain white and he told me
that the name of the next person and that i would meet them at such and such time and he would have
his arms folded in front of the facility and that's who it was that his arms that's yeah so i mean
i know that's probably silly but but he did say that that that he would have his arms for her and
he was the only person there so it wasn't like i was gonna mistake him for one of the other million
people that were but maybe that was somewhat of a signal to just confirm that that was the right
contact okay so you're back at this initial project preserve destiny school and this is in maryland
it's presumably near the nsa complex when you get briefed yeah and you're underground you have your
headphones on what instructions do you get through the headphones um so initially um it was a very very
rudimentary there were um led boxes in the on the computer screen in front of me and uh they were
green and it was like a sine wave it was like this um like a it's a typical i don't know if people know
what a sine wave is but it looks like a sideways s yeah yeah exactly with with a green line going
through the middle and so i would have 10 of those boxes in front of me on the computer screen and he said
for now initially anyway he said i i just want you i'm gonna play a tone and i want you to mentally
hum that tone don't autobilize it just mentally do it don't don't use your vocal chords in any way
shape or form just mentally hum that that note or that yeah that note and so that's what i did for
for days a few days at least and and it was uh torture it was basically torture just listening
to one tone and mentally and humming it how many hours i i can't remember but it was it was probably
a couple days and and each class you know it was like three four hours in the afternoon evening early
that sounds like chinese water yeah it does it's excruciating it i would definitely ascribe that uh
turn were you allowed to take breaks uh i did get i did get breaks uh like 10 minutes every hour
just like your normal work okay you know break type thing because i think in the book you say
you couldn't go to the bathroom you know i could not go to the bathroom yeah which was a problem
sometimes i i i um i don't think i ever did anything in my pants but it was close and i also was also
very paranoid about going you know before going i would always you know be on the toilet like you
know oh yeah definitely before i went because i definitely did not want to have a problem and um
i i think you know that's a young person's game too because now i'd be like no no no yeah i gotta i
gotta have a break yeah yeah i gotta have a bathroom anyway so um it was a mentally hummed tone
and and then he um he told me to concentrate on the first box while i was doing it so i would look
for like a he said look for movement in the in the box on the sine wave of the first box and um so i
would i would look at that box and just stare at that box and mentally hum the tone and he said that
um you will eventually um feel a connection between your your mental and your visual it you'll feel a
connection that um that is uh that is uh represented in the box so the the line will change
um with your your your this thing that you're doing with your mind which is a mental hum um
and so when i i say in the book that it clicked and that that's kind of the only thing that i could
really put human language to sure it wasn't an audible click or it wasn't like a you know physical
click but but it it it's like when you're uh focusing a camera that you know it's really out
of focus and you turn and turn it and you go you know it just focused right on it and that's what it
felt like with the visual and the the mental aspect of looking at the box when i saw the the the sine wave
move it it is like it came into focus this thing that that i was doing in my head and then i i could i
i could assign that what i just did i could assign that to what i was doing visually or seeing visually
and i went oh okay well i was excited of course i nearly jumped out of my my my seat when i first
did it i i couldn't believe it because at this point i was like really seriously giving up i was
like this is this is bullshit this is not going to happen i and so when it did happen it was pretty
exciting well you must be thinking too before the clicking happened that this isn't how physics
works right like in in your head you mean you well you grow up in the u.s learning or in anywhere
learning that there's some sort of hard separation between mind and matter yeah and you can hum as
much as you want internally to try to match or resonate with some external tone you're hearing but the
idea that that you know tone is represented on a screen and you could somehow affect that
representation with your mind to most people would be beyond the pale i did i did um for a short period
of time think that maybe there was a connection between the headphones okay and and the computer
some sort of electromagnetic well because the headphones weren't wireless they had a wire and it went
into the cabinet and so you know i i did i mean i gave that a lot of thought like you know what but
that of course was proved wrong later on because i didn't have headphones later on when i was doing
the actual communication so but yes you're right there's a disconnect there's a there's a mental
disconnect there that that's not supposed to be happening that this is not this is not possible to
happen so yeah it was definitely interesting so when you say it clicked and i realized that's the
best way you can sort of describe it yeah do you then sense oh my god this sort of you know wave
that's going the sine wave i now have mental control over it is that the feeling you get yeah yeah it was
um well and it was i couldn't really do anything with it because i didn't really know what to do with
it um but i could definitely um affect the the motion and i could do it just at will like i could
at first the the the sign you know the sine wave was like this and it would go like this you know
the the two lobes of the sine wave would go like this in harmony with one another that was the clicking
aspect and then later on i mean the the whole thing would just like this you know when you're actually
doing when you're practicing the the visual and audio um um feedback you know that it was giving me
i would i would do the communications or whatever the the ic aspect of what i was doing it would it
would actually do this with the sine wave so at some point i just didn't even pay attention to the
sine wave i was just i was just doing the what he was telling me to do and i see is intuitive
communications and so you're you're you're seeing it almost like ripple or like yeah you know oscillate
different that's so fascinating yeah and then okay so you like walk in you have this like connection
between you and the sine wave and then are you do you have a goal are you trying to like get the
sine wave to do something yeah he was just telling me we did the first sine wave and then the he would
feed another note and i would have to concentrate on the second sine wave and then the third sine wave
and until i got all of them to click and that was the kind of the overriding goal and then they started
to feed me numbers and describing things and what i was interpreting when i was doing the boxes
um it would start to um i i could associate certain concepts and and numbers and and colors and and
letters and things like that with the actual boxes and and the different movements of the of the sine waves
so it was intuitive in the sense that because it really was intuitive in that when i went when i
started unlocking all these things it became intuitively aware in my mind how to do that stuff
so i intuitively knew how to do it that's how the that's why they they i think they call it
intuitive communication because once your mind was unlocked with that ability it intuitively did that
yeah intuitively was able to communicate whatever it needed to communicate so you have a bunch of
boxes with sine waves in them and then you're somehow associating the movements of the sine waves
the clicking was the only really thing that i was associate i was associating um that was the tool by
which we could do the clicking or you know to to unlock that particular tone and that ability to
intuitively communicate at that whatever they called i don't even know what they called it at
whatever levels those were um to me it was just a note but to whoever was teaching me it could have
been another attribution you know somehow it was meant something to them but it didn't mean to me it's
the tone that you're listening to changing at all yeah it is the the the tones were different
uh different notes for each box okay got it it was 10 notes i don't know what notes they were but
they were 10 notes um and did the sine wave change based on the notes uh no it was just the clicking
the the sine wave itself would would move based on our that i had 10 boxes one was one note one was
another note one was another note one was another for the clicking aspect and then my mind was picking up
on um um when when they would feed me information like um a description of something i would my mind
would think in those terms and feedback something now i don't know what that feedback was and how
because they were monitoring that on the other side they were they were trying to see whether it fit
whatever it was supposed to fit in those boxes it wasn't my aspect of it was very uh one-sided i was just
there to unlock what was going on in my head and we did that through the clicking but then the feet
the feeding of the the information and stuff was my ability they were testing my ability as my mind's
ability to to convey that in these in this type of language or communication or whatever you want to call
it and so it really didn't come all together until i actually started the communications with the with
the the aliens it was it was unlocked i could tell it was unlocked obviously because i was
moving boxes and stuff the box didn't mean anything to me at at some point after i clicked with all of
them but but the communications itself was when i really realized oh this is what this is how it works this
is why it's why it is what it is why we're doing this so you have 10 boxes each of which represent
a note so to speak for the clicking yeah you have sine waves within each box yeah and you're trying to
lock in or click into each box and you you end up getting them all and sort of interfacing with all of
that but once i but once they started feeding me information and i was um i was supposed to intuitively
communicate that back into wherever it was going or wherever it was going um then i would see boxes
just going you know just doing all kinds of stuff and but i didn't correlate that with anything i
they were just so presumably and maybe this is taking a leap here they are uh kind of pattern matching
signals that you're emitting by thinking of certain things so you have a certain semantic thought like a
school bus or something and then they get a certain pattern yeah and then they're doing some pattern
matching right i think presumably i think the the pattern or the um this was just an the the 10 boxes
were just a manifestation of what was going on but i don't think they were actually using the boxes
they had their own way but it was just allowing me to see it kind of gave me confidence or whatever it
was kind of a visual for me so it's feedback for you yeah you were that you were locked into the
sine waves yeah exactly but they had something on the back end or that's matching yeah symbolic
concepts that you're thinking of yeah in this plane that is being unlocked in this plane that's being
unlocked yeah fascinating so like you think of like a car and like they're they have some sort of
signals presumably that they're going and the intuitive communications um i would i would think like
i think now just like you think but i would do it in this kind of level of the brain that was was
doing what was doing here with that mental humming yeah that that unlocked something in my brain that
was allowing it to be on that level or plane or whatever you want to call it instead of talking you
know through the vocal cords and or even thinking yeah thinking is a level of intuitive or a um it's an
abstract aspect it's an aspect of of the way our minds work but this was a different um
a different uh modality i'm not exactly sure what word to put it to it but but and it was unlocked
through that that well it almost feels like they were attempting to read a level of your thoughts that
exist below symbolic abstract you know interpretation or above yeah or above but yeah i would think
maybe below like really yeah well i don't know but like you know if you have like language is very
kind of high level and and symbolic ultimately and you're locking on to these sine wave frequencies
i would assume you know if you have in peter science you have the bit layer and then you have
higher level symbolic languages and then you have like abstract representations of you know you have
icons on your computer screen ultimately and stuff like that um i would think that language is more
like the icons in your computer screens on your computer screens and then there's probably some lower
level of thought like some memetic thing of you know you know thinking of forms and shapes and that
sort of thing and this is like another way to transmit yeah well the the way i kind of um thought about it
as as the years went on and i you know would think about stuff like this um in eland we had a carrier
wave you know which was the power of the of the transmission but then it was it was um encoded
encoded encoded isn't the word but i'll use that encoded that the information is encoded on that power
wave so the the our ability to communicate talk and think that's a a power wave and then i i put this
the ic ability as a different way to encode information on that power wave and it and but
it's still the power that's emanating from our being you know we're alive and we have power we have
we have uh energy emanating from us and we are the carrier wave but the encoding of information
is done through our vocal cords and through our eyes and through our mind but this was a higher
level of encoding of that of that energy interesting that's kind of how i've thought about it over the
years i feel like we're saying the same thing yeah probably yeah you're told that you uh need to be
taking pills every day you're doing this yeah it's two pills is that right initially it was two pills
in the school um what do they taste like um they didn't have any taste did you ask hey why do you
why did you have to take these pills i did ask and you know as usual it was like well that's just what
we have to do okay i wasn't told why and and it wasn't like it wasn't it wasn't a one for one type of
situation too because sometimes i would forget to take it there was there were a few days when i would
come back and go oh man i didn't take that i forgot to take those um and i've i at later on i was i think
it was one pill that i had to take later on and sometimes i'd forget to take that too so it wasn't
like it was take pill could do it didn't take pill couldn't do it it wasn't like that i think it was
just i think they were just experimenting with it sure some sort of maybe intuitive communicator
or supplement so to speak i don't know but i mean they're presumably parts of the brain that enhance
this stuff and ones that yeah hurt it maybe or impede it um and that part of the goal for you was
like flattening the sine wave right so it's getting the sine wave to basically the amplitude to lower
into the the sort of center of the box yeah and now and that was just um a a concentration exercise
i think on the on the actual note because i would i first i clicked it and so that was the clicking it
would move and then um i was um instructed to move it further you know to move that note but do it further
and so that was the feedback i was getting at the visual feedback i could kind of correlate it
with what i was doing in my mind and so i could get a stronger a more focused maybe of that uh note
and and i only say no because at some point the note went away and i could just i just did that box
but um so that's like the note was almost priming you for a particular box yeah and then i didn't
need the note it was just that box was in my mind because you had the internal humming
going on yeah yeah well and again that was that was only to unlock that that
feature or whatever you want to call it because the note went away and even my humming i did that
went away too i didn't have to do any of that interesting yeah and once you were locked in with
the particular box you were good yeah yeah yeah and and then i the flattening was an intensity type
of situation where you you could and i don't think that had anything to do with the actual
communications itself it just was an exercise it's like lift weight lifting you know you put
more weights on it and more weights on it until you get stronger and stronger in that box this is
so wild though because it implies that the nsa has this whole protocol this whole like other
language that they've developed which you know in cryptography or whatever maybe they have in
some sense on the computer science layer but this is like a human intuitive psychic
language that the nsa has well but i don't but i don't think the nsa i think they administer it
but i don't think they unless you have an alien and ic person doing it i don't think none of them can
do it or got it or at least at the time maybe now they do i don't i don't know but um but that's
even crazier right because that's almost implying that aliens coordinated with them to give humans
the conventions through which like you could even lock on to this stuff like like aliens were deeply
involved in this program or something they had to be yeah yeah yeah but it's either that or they have
this prodigious this like insane sort of psychic conventional language that they've created like
like like the nsa i mean yeah it's one or the other i i don't know if because i think it's a
biological thing so anything biological would have to i mean i guess it could be engineered at some
point you know with the technology that we have today sure it could be engine neural link has a
patent on psychic communication telepathic communications but that's like now right we're
like looking into that and i do believe the narrative that things have existed in the black and then they
sometimes are exfiltrated or they're like cover private companies that are actually far behind
what's in the black that's fine but and there's an actual aspect of that in the story too but with the
white van but that's right yes we'll get over that well why don't we now so so so you're taken to
this facility in this kind of you know nondescript blue van and then you see a i saw headlights one
time or lights lights in the building that were not there typically and so i was like what's going on so
i looked over to the left and i could see lights um shining on the wall that was in front of the
blue van but over a little bit further to over on the other side of the van so i was obviously curious
and so i went i didn't want to go into the front of the van because it's a good driver you know i for
some reason this driver had this missed mythical monster um imagery in my head because i could never
talk to him i never knew who it was so i didn't want to get in his bad side so i went to the back
of the van and i looked around and i saw the bumper of a white van it was a white van on on the other
side of the blue van and that's what was had the headlights on and and as soon as i got back there
he honked his horn the blue van honked his horn i was like oh okay never mind i'm going to my door
thank you i don't don't eat me or do whatever you're going to do and so i i saw that white van and
later on i don't know how much later um days maybe i i was taking an exit to get to the hotel
in maryland there and um i was turning right and i saw a white van turning left at that exit and as and
i thought there's no possible way this could be the same van and but you know it's in the area
and you know who knows right so i but then i remembered i remembered um i actually when i
saw the van i remembered it not only then but i remembered it when i saw the van i was like that
has a a dent it was an identifying feature and so i looked at it i looked at the white van that i saw at
the exit and sure enough it had that same exact uh dent so my i was like what do i do what do i do
do i do i um i had to follow it i mean there's just no possible way i was too curious so i i kind of
nudged it over i put my sink blinker on and i nudged over to to follow that van and i went to um a a
company called what's up guys one of today's sponsors is us american alchemy we just launched
what i think is maybe the coolest merch line in the world when you're wearing it it's not like you're
shilling me or the channel they're just really epic and i think they look good we have a couple of
amazing designs for you we have our cowboy ufo tee pretty epic you see there's a rancher he's witnessing
a ufo a little cow is getting abducted by the ufo in the background and then you know that i love
mid-century history specifically spooky science atomic era stuff and so we have our atomic age t here
uh pretty cool vibe uh you got a robot serving this guy a little martini and then a ufo off to the side
go to americanalchemymerch.com americanalchemy m-e-r-c-h dot com to check out all of this
amazing new apparel the cowboy tee that i'm wearing is a hundred percent cotton super relaxed fit we went
for quality on these uh so check them out and i went to um a a company called noise cancellation
technology nct um that's the name of the company nct i believe this they went by the initials and
and i was like okay well there's some sort of interesting little correlation there
more corroboration for dan sherman's story exists around this company he followed this mysterious
second van into nct or noise cancellation technologies noise cancellation technologies
incorporated is on record having had multiple contracts with government and military organizations
in june of 1991 the washington post reported that noise cancellation technologies incorporated
in linthicum maryland won a 210 000 contract from darpa or the defense advanced research projects agency
for research and development well 1991 was exactly when dan sherman was getting trained as an intuitive
communicator by project preserve destiny and linthicum maryland is right by where he was stationed
getting trained by the nsa all of this was also a very short drive to fort meade where the government
historically has run its psychic spy program but i'm sure all of these are just coincidences noise
cancellation technologies military ties run even deeper the company is referenced in an office of
naval research bulletin about acoustics research in europe and they've been publicly involved in
further nasa and army funded research according to the company's own website nct is a leading
technology company dedicated to the development and commercialization of active wave management
applications the electronic manipulation of sound signal waves to reduce noise improve signal to noise
ratios and enhance sound quality all sounds like stuff that could be pretty relevant to what a young
sergeant dan sherman was doing for the nsa very interesting yeah yeah because he was in the same
garage now you know i i don't know what the core i don't know what the exact correlation is well it
makes total sense you're wearing headphones they're doing something with kind of exotic communications
it's not one that you are making up there's there's corroboration uh of them working with the
government in other contexts outside of this possible nsa collaboration well and they could be also
doing a black project that's covering a great project so it's i mean there's high likelihood that
that's true because i saw i mean i i correlated the two so yeah and you even talked about you've
hypothesized that exotic propulsion might involve noise cancellation in some way i mean there there are
all sorts of things that you know electromagnetic energy is it's an amazing uh phenomenon i agree it's
funny in and around the whole alien ufo space you get a lot of like lockheed martin executives like
saying weird things like all you need is maxwell's or maxwell's equations and you change a thing or two
and you're all good like implying that general relativity einstein even you know quantum mechanics
in some ways are like way less important than maxwell which governs all of electromagnetism
for things like exotic propulsion so yeah yeah it's very powerful and um yeah there there are even
there are fields of like extended electrodynamics i don't know if you've ever heard of extended electrodynamics
is that something that's uh it is it is i i've heard it yeah so it's this idea that um you know obviously
in traditional electromagnetism you have a transverse hertzian wave so you have you know um a b field
an e field electric field a magnetic field which are perpendicular to one another and then perpendicular
um as well as wave propagation and that's like pretty much all you can do right but that limits
you like for undersea communications uh you get electrons pairing off because of the presence of
magnetic field you know obviously deep space communications are going to be hard it's going to
decay at one over r squared and this is this idea that actually this navy whistleblower came out on my
show that's described a couple of how put off has patents in this area and extended electrodynamics
that there are exotic wave types uh in what's called a scalar field uh where wave propagation
might occur at one over r instead of one over r squared so they attenuate way less over long distances
in space-time without increasing power with that what's that without increasing power and so it's
this it would be unlock all sorts of crazy crazy things if if true um and and how put off this
really interesting character in all of this because he obviously ran the cia's psychic spy program and
i've asked him point blank do you think psychic communication is occurring along the lines of this
extended electrodynamics where you have patents and he's he said to me yeah i do think that's the case
isn't that fascinating i find that so interesting and he's using these josephson junction uh you know
quantum receivers basically to to so it's these um you know vector and scalar potentials in the
sub-quantum field that are doing the communications um so this is absolutely mind-blowing um and it makes
sense right because like you look at the early stargate experiments you look at the stuff you know we're
going to get into with you they would put remote viewers you know in submarines and put them at the
bottom of the ocean and they would have the exact same you know all this stuff seems to be agnostic of
both space and time they'd get the exact same results and efficacy when it came to remote viewing
and so it would make sense that you'd have some exotic electromagnetic communication ability that yeah yeah
that's mind-boggling okay so you're you're at this school and you're going every day and you're in
this van and you've tracked down this other van are you still whatever happened to electronics
intelligence school the air force continuing education thing that you were supposed to do
i had to do that during the day okay i was doing that for you know seven eight hours and then i would
come back to the hotel have a little break and then i'd get picked up again by the van so
did anybody say hey dan you want to you know go out tonight grab a drink or something yeah
what would you have to say i was the loner you know i was always the one that was no no i'm good
i'm a little tired yeah yeah and i i did get asked um several times they would they would ask me
where are you going because you're you're not in your room and your car is here where are you going
and i always had some sort of excuse like i met a girl or you know we went out and you know i she
drove and that's true of anybody that's in these types of things is it doesn't comport with reality
with with your real life so you have to create this alternative universe sometimes where you have to
exist in that universe too with other people and like nobody at any of my my bases they they didn't
know what was going on either and i mean i can't remember specific examples but i'm sure that i had
to come up with some bs when something didn't exactly gel with what was supposed to be going on like in the
van so it that is just the life of somebody who is in that type of situation and you're you were given
a code right for project preserve destiny like you had a code name or something um staunch yeah staunch 118
staunch 118 yeah okay and that was that was on the computer screen when i would
um open up the dialogue box i would have to choose staunch 118 and so what how long does your schooling
last and what happened i think it was three months okay yeah i'm i believe that and no no alien direct
communication during the schooling you're just told to flatten these wait okay and so what what happens
next i go back to my base um that i was stationed at the time and just went back to my elit job doing
stuff and um then um i'm not exactly sure how long it was but several months went by and i finally got
orders um to my first ppd base which was overseas and um and then i went to that that base and i was there
for uh again my security clearances weren't there yet so i was kind of in this limbo state um and they
finally came and then i got a phone call like we mentioned earlier um somebody knocked on my door
and said somebody wants you on the phone the dorm phone it was outdoors too it was a it was in a warm
climate and um so there were outdoor hallways and so we uh i would have to go around the around the
building and the phone was on the outside there and so anyway picked it up and it was captain white
um my first contact officer and he said you're going to be he told me the name of the my uh next
contact which happened to be my unit commander um and which kind of makes sense because i think he was
the only captain there in our vision or in our little area and so um he told me his name and and and
and that he'll be crossing his arms and i already knew who he was i i don't know why this was all
so cloak and dagger because all he would have said he had to say was it's your unit commander you can
just go talk to him but anyway they did all the crossing arms and stuff and um so he told me when to
meet him and he'll be out front and so i went and at that time and did it met him and he took me into the
facility um we the facility that i worked it was a a base that was kind of had one mission but we
had this like little detachment that was part of the base it was on base but we had our own little
security system fences the whole nine yards and because it was way more classified than anything going on
on the base and so um it has its own guard check and its own requirements to go through and all that
and its own um security systems in the buildings and all so we went in he brought me into a conference
room and i was there with um another person that was from my base that the other base we just so
happened that we got assigned there together and we were going through the same indoctrination for
our job and all that and so he was there too and um and a couple other people too and so we were
being indoctrinated into the into the program into the black project that we were in and um
um and then as i recall i think heat uh captain took me aside somebody they they took other people
for a tour of the facility and the captain said i'm going to take dan and so that's when he brought me
into um well we talked in the conference room first and he told me you know we talked about the the the
program and and um just you know small talk about the program you went to school and oh great you got
certified and and you're gonna be an intuitive communicator and that's cool you know we just had
this little banter and and and then he took me into the one of the uh we call them the c-vans their c is
for communication but you don't have to have a communication in the c-van it's just a c-van that's what they call
them and so um we had several c-vans on site and one was our particular part of the black project and
so he took me in there it's a two-person van for security reasons there always has to be two people
in the van at all times other than a little bit of bathroom break here and there um and um he i asked
about the the other aspect of my job the black project he said don't worry about that you'll be
other people will talk to you about that i'm going to talk to you about the gray project and so he
showed me how to open the the screen and i already knew how to do all this from the the previous time
but he maybe thought i didn't i don't know or he didn't know that it was the same system but he showed
me how to bring up the box the communications box and um just went over the logistics of it you know
how i would be with this other guy but we couldn't intermingle as far as you know he didn't know about
this and we had what was called left seat and right seat seemed like you know for pilots you know they
have the left seat and the right seat we had that too the left seat was the different aspect of the
black job black project job and mine the right seat was another aspect of the black project but then also
mine was a great project and in my computer i had that thing that i could open up the dial up box
and he said i asked him you know when is it going to start do i do you know when i'm going to start
communicating or you know what he knew nothing he's like all i know is this is your box this is your
van that's crazy and that's all i know so so you're you're sitting across from a guy who's doing normal
classified electronics intelligence you're sitting next to a guy who's doing traditional conventional
electronics intelligence were and i was too but and you were as well but then you had this other
yeah thing that you're doing and around intuitive communication yeah and that guy has no idea what
you're doing no no and the guy who's briefing you who presumably captain white told you about uh he
knows very little in some ways like he's giving you he's just the administrator he doesn't know
did you ever try to kind of cross check because i'm sure i'm sure along the way you're trying to
suss this project out you know throughout not the time not the time okay no you were just taking
orders yeah exactly did you did you ever try and you have to remember also this is before the internet
before you know you're just isolated basically you're intellectually isolated you're just following
orders and that's it you know today i could just get on google and go you know do all kinds of
research about stuff but i couldn't back then did you ever try to just see if this other you know air
force officer captain who's dealing with ppd at this or project preserved destiny at this overseas base
if his answers coincided with what you were told initially by captain white to see you know could
kind of cross check well they were all coincided they did yeah everything was the same okay yeah so there
it was it wasn't like because yeah if i were you i'd be like well maybe i am getting hazed and i'd try
to poke and like ask person b the same questions i asked person a and see if their answers were the
same my intentions were not as devious as that fair enough i just was wide-eyed and bushy-tailed that's
all sure sure i was just following orders but from your experience it the answers were mostly the
same it felt very coherent yeah definitely yeah i mean and they knew so very little that
it was very easy to be coherent because there was not much to it you know and this is actually
i think you said in the book this guy's name was sergeant larson is that right no it was a captain i
think the larson was a sergeant he was in the room with us but he wasn't okay involved with but i
believe i believe from your book you asked sergeant larson some questions about the secrecy and he went
into the onion stuff but he didn't say the gray black he didn't talk about the great black during
our during our black introduction he went into the onion thing yeah which was which which to me is
interesting because it was like he was holding back the idea that the gray projects are concealed
within the the black projects and said no okay interesting yeah he he only went up to the black project
because he probably got a at some point a speech about onion the onion aspect but only to the black
yeah layer so to speak because in your book you're you're thinking like you know i know something you
don't know or something yeah yeah interesting that's true okay so you are sitting at this sort of
terminal does it look basically the same as you know the nsa complex that you were in no i can't
remember but they i think they all had about the same like the basic yeah these big sun or spark i think
there's spark uh monitors okay we had yeah i don't even know the brand yeah it was um back then you
know monitors were this big and and wide you know big and the screen was only about that big so when we
had these big spark uh monitors everybody's like you know anybody that look at it not familiar like wow
you you got the cadillac here you guys your budget's high so yeah we had these spark i think they were
called spark i think that was the name sun spark something like that and so you put your headphones
on you take the pills same thing yep um no no no headphones no headphones yeah we didn't have headphones
in that in the van okay um uh but you know i had a mouse and in the and the monitor and yeah i took
the pills he he told me that he had a bottle of pills he said um you have to take these i said yeah we
i took those in school too and he says i said two right and he goes no just one take one i was like oh
okay well it was two before yeah okay so i'll take one now and we had these little um each
compartment had storage units and and we would we would share these seats with other people i mean we
were the only shift we were one shift but then another shift would come in so we had our own little
cubby so to speak for each person and i would just keep the pills there okay and so you are in this van
is that's your workstation now and you take the pills and then what are you told to do he didn't
tell me to do anything he said it's just gonna come when it comes and and it's gonna start when
it starts that's it that's all the direction i got it's like uh do what um is there any should i
expect anything is there any timing on this this is i have no idea you're just i'm i'm here to tell
you how to how to facilitate what you're supposed to do and that's it so it took a while it took um
i can't remember how long but it was it was a while later that the first con came and that's when
the ball started rolling so to speak and when you say the first comms came you weren't just
get it receiving basically thoughts yep um i would receive like uh uh i think the first communication
was something like prepare prepare for receiving or prepare for something prepare for communication
and that would be the the thing that would kick off like i my attention would go towards that
did those thoughts have a different quality from your own thoughts
um yeah yeah it was it was within a um
uh it's really really really hard um
it was an area of my brain and when you think you don't think of an area like you know when let's
say you're thinking about you know the the mic stand and you're
you don't you can't correlate where that is in your head that you're thinking that i mean you
don't know where the snaps are going but with um with the ic communication you can feel it in your
brain you can feel now you can't you can't localize it it's not a localization but i can feel like it's in
that area of my brain right there whoa and it's like a colorful tapestry and you have you can focus on
this over here you can focus right here you can focus right here you can focus over here you can
but it's it's focused wherever wherever that um tickle comes from you focus right there okay that's
where it's coming from and then that stops and you go okay there's something over here so i focus on that
and so the when the first communication would come in i in my mind's eye so to speak the tapestry came up
and i was like okay this is where i'm communicating right now i'm communicating this tapestry that's
the only way i can really voc vocalize the visualization do you remember which parts of
your no no there was i couldn't i couldn't localize it yeah you know but i could tell that it's in a
a certain area whoa yeah yeah so somehow more of a discrete area than yeah the general i felt it
it's more of a feel than it is a scene but it you could feel that it's coming from a certain area
did it feel more foreign than your thought like did your do your thoughts feel like yours and these
thoughts felt like others yeah it felt like it was external from the kind of at when compared to your
own thoughts yeah it wasn't external it didn't feel it didn't really feel external it was here i know
but but compared to your own thoughts it feels very foreign and very different so what happens next so i
started uh getting communications started receiving them i pop up the the window and i would start typing
the whatever i was interpreting at receiving and um at first it was just numbers it was um
it was the idea well i would get a preamble like the one and one eight and this is where i'm really
showing my how long ago this was but it was like that and then i think there was like a um a five
digit or six digit or something like that number after the one one eight and i never really knew what
that was but it was something i called it the zip code because it looked like a zip code but it wasn't
it wasn't a zip code um and then slash i would do slashes after each um focus you know of where
in the tapestry i'd go again and so i'd put a slash and then i put the whatever it was
and it was just numbers just initially so you were almost picturing a canvas
and like words coming on no no it wasn't no it like when you say slash how are you you're seeing
the slash no no um when i would receive the communication and i'm i'm this is me um putting
this into words but it's not necessarily exactly this but this is the best way i can convey it there's this
this area in my brain or in my thoughts and it's like a tapestry that has a lot of depth and it has
it can be very colorful i think that's just my interpretation of of what's going on
i think the colors would be different for other people but it's just it has color to it and so i would
see in my mind's eye i would see that there's a communication right in this area of that
overall tapestry so to speak and then i would look at that i mean i would concentrate on it i would
focus on that and that would be a communication and it would be it could be an image it could be
a number it could be a feeling a smell it could be anything it could be whatever we can convey in
communication like i could i could um make a smell here and i can communicate that to you well that
that smell would be communicated to you and i could do that in that too i could i could actually um although
i don't think i ever did but i think i could actually get a smell through that i could get any
type of communication through it so i would look at that focus on that and then i would convey that
and then i would put a slash and then another area would come into focus and i would focus on that
and then put that communication down put a slash and then another area would come up and i would put
a slash so i would get these different communications through these different
focuses yeah and when you say put a slash are you on the computer on that you're typing type the
computer so you think and then you'd type i would receive yeah yeah and and type it whatever it was
that was in that little area of the communication okay and then i put a slash when that was over or
done or went on to another one so they they were they were um concepts that were in different
bytes so to speak so as soon as you comprehended a particular concept you'd put a slash and then
you'd get another communication but i would i would see it not not visually but i would know that was
there i could feel it in another area and i would concentrate on that and i could get that
and were you thinking in words or were you thinking in concept when you were receiving yeah i would have
to images because we're humans so we you'd have to translate it exactly yeah well it wasn't so much
a translation like would it come through yeah it would come through in that okay it would come
through in that whatever it was that i was um uh reporting yeah um like in that area i would see the
numbers i would see four five seven eight two and i would type that and then later on when i started
getting visual stuff i would see like a little like one time i i saw um a missile um
uh being launched and or not it wasn't a missile it was a rocket rocket and um i could see around
the payload area i could see the seams and a and a like it had blown up i could actually see that in
my in that tapestry so to speak and so i would i would describe that i mean like rocket blowing up and i
mean you could get into a higher or lower level of detail depending on how much time you had to type
and but and and the visual wasn't there for long either it would just come and i would see it and
then it would it would fade out did you try to correlate the thoughts or messages you were receiving
with real events so like that rocket blowing up yeah look up you know i mean that's hard to do
you don't have the internet but i did um um there was a it was in the news i think there was a um
a chinese launch of a of a rocket that had blown up i don't remember whether i correlated it with that
or not but i remember looking that up and seeing that but i don't remember if it was the same one
that you received yeah because in your book you say like arianne likes you know certain company
launches you felt like you were tapping into the actual it could have been rockets launching which
is fascinating like well i think it was just um whoever's got their fingers on the pulse of whatever
is going on here i think it was their um way of testing my ability to convey different types of
messages you know different different um genres so to speak yeah and and it could have been you know
they were testing my ability to describe what was going on in a in a military type of functioning or the
you know mechanical and in all the stuff that went along what i saw you know did i describe was it white or
would i describe the length of it or what would i actually describe when given that message and so
kind of testing and i'm sure everybody else who was doing a they was an ic in the system was getting
the same types of things so that you can see who is better at what or this is what i was thinking
later on when i thought about this is that it could have been like a testing who is able to do what
at what point do you start speaking with aliens um that was it that was during that time that was a
coming from an alien and and does that alien reveal itself as having a personality um yeah the the first
one he was i sensed a very logical structure and and um i look back on it now i don't think i really
um kind of i didn't put it in the best words back when i wrote the book but i but i look on it now and
i think it was the um i did say in the book that i think i said that he was very logical it was very
um more structured the communication was a little bit more structured and it wasn't as you know that
tapestry that i talked about it wasn't as um his wasn't as um
um abstract or yeah it was much more
i wish i had more experiences of more aliens so i could see the differences because i only saw two
and the and spock the first one he was um his tapestry and again i just say tapestry because i don't know
how to explain it but um his fog so to speak or whatever was very um very linear yeah it was uh
in my mind's eye it was very straight like this his communications were in a straight line like the the
one area would have one piece of communication and then it would be right here and then it'd be right
here and then be right here and then it'd be right here right so it was very straight and does he introduce
himself or you call him well no okay so i guess i have to explain that uh um the reason why i no
i i never got a name from him or anything like that but
his communications were very logical and so my friend and i were we were star trek fans and i just
thought it was funny just to to refer to him as spock and and i wasn't referring to him to anybody else
so the joke was lost on on the world yeah until i wrote my book but did you address him directly
when you're sending messages back did you address him as spock or no no no no i i never no i never said
that um i i don't even know if he would know who spock was we don't even do we maybe we don't even know
it's a he yeah yeah well i think that i guess no but but i did sense that it was a male okay
male energy and um what is spock saying to you well it was all very very um number oriented it wasn't
until i got to my second base that i started getting the imagery type stuff um but the first was very
uh spock well okay so at the end of my time at first the first base um i was doing a communication
i was receiving something and the only reason that i would communicate back to him is like can you repeat
that or can you say that again or do that again um i there was no real back and forth but i went into
and this is the hardest thing to explain i think um and i say plain but it was um
i wanted to ask him a question so i was really hesitant to do that i wanted to start asking
questions and i was i was trying to get up the the courage to break from the formality of our
communications so that i could ask a question and i really didn't know how to do that intuitively i
didn't know i didn't know um what the protocol would be for that i was receiving stuff and i could
actually convey messages back as far as feedback and stuff but i didn't know what the the the formality
would be to have an informal conversation or or to ask something that had nothing to do with our
communication so i i think it was because i was so um anxious or um i charged about it that i
i asked him a question but then it it it was the weirdest thing because it went into another
i i say plain but i can't really explain it was a different it was a different tapestry let's
us say that way you know the the tapestry that i keep on alluding to it was a like a um you know
how i said you can focus um further away and then closer you know like the lens that i told you about
the camera yeah um this one was like a like a macro like it came came closer to me and it was and it was
different it was different than the the um tapestry that i keep talking about anyway so i asked him a
question in this plane and i didn't and it shocked me when i did that it because when i asked the
question i was just asking it in the other realm so to speak but when i did that it came up closer
again closer isn't a proximity but it was just my my way of explaining the visual of it in my head
um and and and so i asked the question and then i also shocked myself because i was like that's a
different i i said that differently it went out differently yeah and then he i sensed he was also
shocked like i didn't realize that you could do that i can't remember the exact communication but um
um and so i i asked questions and honestly i can't remember a lot of the questions i asked i i i'm
what was the so you have this different plane of communication initially when you're communicating
with spock he's just giving you like strings of numbers like things that don't mean much to you or
yeah well i mean none of it well until we got to the imagery part it none of it really meant anything
to me so it was like you were just relaying this information to just a conduit the nsa yeah and but
you didn't really know what you were relaying yeah exactly but then when i asked these did i ask a
question and and again i can't remember the name of what the question was but um he he seemed shocked
and i i said am i allowed to speak like this in this realm or i can't remember how i said it but
like at this level and and he said yeah it's it's fine and we just didn't realize you could and i'm
paraphrasing of course my thoughts but we just didn't realize that you could do that and i was like oh
okay so is this okay and he goes yeah it's fine but um but he didn't want to but again he didn't
want to chat though i mean it wasn't uh i don't think it was it was in the purview of the the program
to chat with these people it was or these humans you know it was just the the testing that was going
on but i was able to ask you know the questions i wrote in the book but you know i had some questions
and overall overall impressions of what i got from those questions what are what are some of
those questions that you have well like the like the um how did they get here how do they travel and
about time because i've always been interested in time yeah i asked him about going back and forward
in time and he said you can't really go back and forward in time because time is a relative thing so
you don't know if if you're going back then what are you coming back from there's there's no there's
no solid moment in time that you can measure from to go back and forward from so but he said you can
go around time and i didn't really understand when he was telling me that i was not understanding what
he was saying by saying that i mean there wasn't any um it wasn't a thesis written out so that i can
analyze it he just gave me the impression that you can go around time and i think that's how they do their
travel too is is they they use time but in in a way that we really can't we don't really understand
could be like in a higher dimensional space or something i mean this is all you know total
speculation but like maybe you know you think about the fourth dimension of time or time as humans know
it and it is this linear you know permanently progressing thing you get in the river you know
that's the kind of metaphor you know and and you can't get out you know but if you had a higher
dimensional you know temporal dimension or something you might be able to you know jump in and out or so
like think about actually like a like a tesseract you know and the tesseract is is is uh curling around
or whatever it's like kind of like a sine wave or like a snake or something um and you think of that
as you know it's 3d 3d uh uh you know inside of it or whatever so you have like north south east west
above sea level below sea level so you have three degrees of motion and um you know if you were to
you could hop from this part of the coil to this part of the coil or whatever and that would be actually
like a very short distance if you had some higher abstraction of time yeah but it wouldn't if that
was all you had right and that's where the wormholes come in where you come one one aspect of the
temporal to the next aspect of the temporal so you can travel between the two yeah yeah it's i i
didn't really i didn't understand it and i just kind of it it was my understanding of my rudimentary
level of communication you know of knowing knowledge and in time and all that that's where i
i distilled it to that he said around time but he could have meant something different too i don't
know well john wheeler the famous princeton physicist thought that there might be wheeler tunnels
everywhere which are basically little wormholes or black holes nobody knows what happens beyond
the event horizon of the black hole and so yeah and then obviously time and gravity have this really
important connection and you get these super dense you know formations like black holes time moves
slower and so you you know almost theoretically yeah yeah yeah it's it's it definitely was fascinating
just the little bit that i did get from him it blew my mind um and he also um mentioned uh we talked
about uh the sun he said that i i i particularly remember this one because he um he was so um
very
it's almost as if they respected our sun um more than you would think that and you know you we take the sun
for granted it's just the sun you know that that's where we get sunlight and energy and and it's no big
deal but he he kind of i felt it was more of a reverence uh um feeling towards the sun because he was
talking about how we really don't understand the the value of our sun and that we will at some point
eventually understand it it's funny i um had an off-record conversation so i won't say who it was with but
with somebody who i think is knowledgeable around ufo reverse engineering programs and he made this
analogy of the sun being some sort of like portal to other star systems and i don't know you think
about the history of the sun is so interesting you have on gotten you know the sun god and even if you
read isaac asimov wrote a book called the kingdom of the sun where it talks about the changing conception
of humanity's understanding of the sun and you read about you know copernicus who you know theorized the
heliocentric universe and he had this very mystical conception of the sun that went well beyond just him
thinking it was some you know linchpin or whatever necessary necessary for you know uh planetary orbits or
whatever yeah um so yeah i don't know yeah it's it's um and we are you know we are discovering more and more
about the sun and we're sending probes and and all that and it's still a very wide open
discovery platform i think for science definitely and yeah i think you write in your book that spock
even said that your scientists are just now figuring out how the sun generates energy and you know you
have obviously kardashev scales which kind of measure you know how advanced the civilization is
and you know level two would be basically creating a dyson sphere which is harnessing the energy of
the sun so maybe not in our lifetime but maybe not in our lifetime but i mean the sun is a fusion
generator and you know there are nuclear fusion startups now which is you know controlled fusion is
this holy grail of energy generation so so anyway that those are those were the kind of the highlights um
um it it it wasn't a treasure trove of information and i wish it was because it would make the book a
lot more interesting that's for sure but it was um these are just kind of the impressions that i got
and it was a it was a a fascinating experience i can't really emphasize enough that it is
something that our world is slowly coming to terms with i've actually been asked just recently to
um be part of the um congressional you know uh testimony and all that stuff and there's a
there's a certain project that's out they they've labeled a project disclosure or something like
that uh-huh we're slowly yeah slowly getting to that point where the government is going to have to say
something or give some some little tidbit of information to the world because you would think
the pressure is just yeah you just can't explain it away through campfire stories anymore uh i just
want to get back to the core details of the spock thing so did are you seeing a gray alien in your
mind's eye okay now i never saw any visualization of of their okay look like so just just you're having
semantic concepts kind of come into your your mind yeah tapestry i have the same stereotypical
view of an alien that everybody else has yeah i don't have any um although when i see an alien like
um you know a a fictional character or whatever i always um i always put i overlay my communications
onto that so that it becomes a little bit more um important or not important but uh it has a different
aspect to it when i look at an alien as opposed to if somebody else looks at it yeah i know i
imagine it has a very different connotation like i know something like that is probably real yeah um
did you have any sort of feeling towards spock did you develop a liking to him or were you like
you know this is some no foreign weird thing that i'm no it well i think it uh largely has to
do with the fact that we never really became intimate as far as our conversations so you kind of
it it might as well have just been the computer at the school as far as i was concerned right other
than um the the the colorful um not colorful the the detail of the of what i was communicating through
now my tapestry so to speak um that was different i mean that was all new to me
it i was able to tap into it easily because of my training but the training never i never saw that
that um venue of communication until i actually got the communications from the aliens until then it was
very it was very um um it was very um it was very clean it was um let's say what's the word um
sanit it was sanitized it was very uh clean it's almost like you were like a human antenna or something
yeah or a conduit or yeah yeah i i kind of um look at it as like a it was chromatic that type of
communication was chromatic whereas this was very organic and very colorful and very um um
clear you know there was a lot of clarity to it is there anything special about the base where you
were like maybe i'm being asked to do this project preserve destiny and communicate with aliens because this
base is located in a particular place that's unique or has some equipment that might be
good for alien communications or well um the project that i worked on i mean other than um
project preserve destiny the black project was a very interesting into itself i mean that would be
that would be a a podcast that anybody would love to hear because it was just so interesting um
and it had to do with electromagnetic stuff but um interesting uh it was i don't i don't know if
there would be any correlation between the two i mean other than just being the cover for it yeah
because i think i don't know there are guys that come up in ufo lore like robert starbacher
and he was actually i just we were talking about whitley streber before this started rolling and he was
looking at whitley streber they were about to meet the day he died but he was this guy
sarbacher ran r and d under vannevar bush like he was basically vannevar bush's air he ran the whole
washington you know uh national labs he was like an atomic energy kind of godfather in the united states
and he in 1987 towards the end of his life started to come out and write letters to ufo researchers
like this guy william steinman and say you know um the ufo rumors are substantially true vannevar bush
was involved in this project as was john von neumann and all these things and he wrote a book called
ultra high frequency engineering i i wonder if his vector in the whole ufo thing was some sort of
communication modality with the aliens that was maybe what was on that side of the electromagnetic
spectrum what was the content of his book what did it what did it talk about you know it's chinese
to me it's like extremely esoteric it talked about radio though yeah as far as waves electromagnetic
energy is that what it was yeah i don't know what what what exact spectrum but i i i don't mean the
spectrum i just mean it's about about electromagnetic energy yes yeah yeah yeah exactly well and but was it
was it was it about um the government's involvement with it or just no just a general sort of textbook
on it yeah yeah interesting i don't know did you at any point think that maybe this wasn't an alien
on the other end of the communication you were just being told that because i do think this is the what
makes this whole topic so tricky is that in certain cases the reverse dynamic of what you just of what
we've been talking about this entire time sometimes you're not tagging a gray project with a black
project but you're tagging a black project with a gray fake gray thing to catch spies you know it's
this classic intelligence move say you had some like anti-gravity vehicle or whatever you'd call it alien
and then you'd write a bunch of fake documents that you know talk about aliens or whatever it's just
and then it would like you it'd be like putting like a die into a pipe and you'd see the communication
trail and you'd catch soviet spies or you know you do also throw people off the trail or whatever
maybe you'd initiate recruits because it would be sort of a puzzle for them to figure out
so it would like serve all these purposes to actually call black stuff alien so did you ever
think maybe i was actually i'm actually just communicating with you know in a way that breaks
physics which is fascinating or the physics as we know it but humans through more mind matter
parapsychological means now we have like the telepathy tapes it's one of the most popular
podcasts in the u.s uh earlier this year yeah you're probably familiar i i heard the name yeah
talks about these like uh non-verbal often autistic children uh who you know can telepathically
communicate and commune on this sort of hill it's absolutely fascinating but sort of send each other
images um at really high accuracy rates and so did you ever think maybe you were part of a human
parapsychology program and they were tagging it with the alien thing um i gave that some thought
um especially when i was writing the book i i wanted to kind of flesh out my my thoughts on on um how it
how it how it was um how it would be interpreted into the public you know and and what people would
ascribe to my experience and how they would uh try to block or try to get it off what i thought and go
into other other areas and so i did think of that and i i guess it's possible you know it's it's not
impossible obviously because i never saw an alien i never even visually i never saw an alien and never
got any indicator as to what um they were human or not um but i i can say that the the way the
communications happened unless um unless we've we've somehow gained the ability to do that in some way
the the style of communication was very foreign to how our minds think yeah so maybe on this plane
even if you have two humans that is kind of the standard by which you would communicate in that
in that way even between two humans but i i got this distinct um impression that it was not a human
yeah but you're also talking about strings of numbers and like it does feel foreign the way it's
being communicated doesn't feel like it's interesting i mean there are non-verbal tribes indigenous tribes
that talk about the ancient language where they are able to kind of communicate telepathically with
each other and there are people with mind melds going on you know like couples over long periods of
time and that sort of thing twins i mean they're the classic example um and so
this felt like a different variety yeah but the communications i would think anyway the
communications in that way would still be human type of communications because we think in that's
what i'm saying this felt qualitatively different yeah as far as what was coming in yeah and and i
can't and i can't really um attribute it to or can't compare it to anything else yeah that i could
vocalize to you it's just completely different yeah yeah yeah i mean there are theoretical way like
have you heard of bone induction do you know what that is well i've seen those speakers you know
that you can put around your your neck or whatever and they had the bone induction exactly hear sound
classic example is beethoven was deaf and so like he would uh actually uh bite onto a conductive rod that
was connected with his piano and he would play notes and then he would hear it because it would bypass his
ear canal and so there are ways to communicate semantic information that bypass the traditional
kind of auditory track and actually the director of the nsa while you were in your program was this
guy bobby ray inman who's on refer record talking about ufos with this ufo researcher named bob oxler
i don't know if you know about this on a phone call do you uh anticipate that any of the
recovered vehicles would ever be uh become available for uh technological research outside of the uh
military circles again i honestly don't know uh 10 years ago the answer would have been no
whether his time has evolved they're beginning to become more open on it is a possibility he he then
goes on to you know work at saic it's this you know big military contractor that you know made tons of
money during star wars and you know strategic defense initiative and then they got into
psychotronic research and psychotronic weaponry and stuff and so it's always this question for me
is like what came first is it the alien stuff or is it the weird mk ultra like kind of you know like
embedded implant sort of you know communication stuff and i you know it's funny i i definitely don't
shake out that old human technology explains all of this stuff like i think your story is like a
great example of that but it's such an interesting history yeah so i don't i i just back to your
original question i think that um i'm pretty convinced it was alien yeah but there's no way
that i could prove it in court yeah well no that's an intellectually honest uh you know readout and i
appreciate that and you know it's i think it's extremely fascinating either way but i that's true i mean
even if it were two humans it would still be fascinating still breaking paradigm physics and and
also a totally you know new area for the nsa nobody thinks they're involved with but i uh i
you know after reading your book going through all your stuff watching all your interviews i
also think it's genuinely alien but um okay so uh that was the first base uh you're gonna take a
sip of water and we can yeah we can do it on camera too yeah yeah that's true yeah we could always
yeah be diet at least we don't have the cigars like uh rogan yeah yeah are you a fan of his
yeah yeah he's he's um interesting i've been a fan of his as a comedian too i mean yeah his comedy is
epic yeah he's a he's amazing i think he's so cool i think he's such a good good guy he's so genuinely
curious and all this stuff yeah oh yeah definitely he's a curious mind i love that i love when people are
curious yes and not um semantic and wrote and you know just within your own box yeah i want to look
out at other things it's good i think it's fear it's like in you if you can't integrate something
with your worldview you have this like immune reaction oh yeah you just don't you don't want
to look at it or we're going through that yeah yeah yeah i'm sure you sometimes get that it's funny
like sometimes i'm like yeah i run a podcast on ufos and people are like oh cool and they like move
on and start talking about the weather or something i'm sure usually like maybe you
occasionally tell people yeah i was you know recruited uh by the nsa to decode alien signals
oh cool yeah what's um what are you doing after this yeah like you ever get that reaction oh definitely
where it's like not even like they're not even capable of like holding it in their worldview i i um
but i have the opposite effect really in that i mean for me anyway i don't really want to talk
about it so because because it makes people uncomfortable i believe that so it's like i'll
say well once i get to know somebody i won't say it initially but you know if they start we can know
each other and i'll say yeah and i i um i don't know if you know but i wrote a book and and they go oh
really what is it you know and i'll say i'll say the name of it i say it's on amazon you can you know
above black yeah search for it and and um and then i wait for them to come back yeah to come back
and if they just never mention it again i'm like cool yeah i'm good yeah yeah yeah but you know if
they have a genuine curiosity then i'm open to that too no it's a great filtering yeah it's
because just saying it in to people and springing it on them yeah i communicated with aliens they're
going okay yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah no i get and it's like you you also i mean are
refreshingly non-histrionic in your personality like it doesn't feel like you have some like you
know desire for attention you have the you have the certain segment and i'm sure you're familiar
with it yes of this of this world that is very i mean i went to um conferences when i my first
released a book i would be invited to all kinds of conferences yeah yeah ufo conferences and alien
conferences and and holy moly the people that i would interface with you know i mean it was
often it's extreme narcissism too it's like this solipsistic like i am a starseed i was sent here
and i am going to enlighten everybody and it's like come on like you really you really you're
you're the messiah like it's great it's crazy i one conference i went to one time um it had a bunch
of like uh i don't know alternative stuff going on um um experiences and things and one guy had
the uh stigmata uh-huh you know you're you're familiar with that oh yeah that stuff or and he had
an open wound like right in the middle of his forehead like bleeding uh-huh and he would uncover
it because we were at a convention of things that you know people came here to see so he would uncover
it for people but he usually kept it covered i i don't even know what to do he did that to himself
there's no way yeah yeah i'm i'm and then i think you know that's a story my story is in amongst all
this i'm like chance do i have i mean yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
alien guy the stigmata guy well i think the stigmata guy you know is trying to compete against
people like you who are just like i don't remember fully what happened but this is what i think happened
and you know uh but uh you know the core details are very verifiable and uh well it's it's kind of
why i kind of left the scene because i really i mean my story is my story yeah i read it in the book
and that's it i mean i'm not i'm not trying to you know become a star i'm not trying to get us
become a celebrity at this i just put out my story for people to gel with whatever their stories are
and yeah it's a piece of the puzzle and that's all i'm good for i mean i don't need to just let me
hide over here in the corner somewhere yeah and i get you know i get i get pinged on twitter all the
time and and and it's i i don't know what to say yeah i'm like can i call you i'm like oh really can
you ask my question ask question via text because i've talked to dozens of people and it's just
i wrote it in the book yeah you know i i don't what else do you need to know so the the i love
this this format here because we can talk about other things like stigmata and kind of put color
to it and but for the most part i just don't need to talk about this anymore because there's plenty
of other people talking about it it's in the book and well i'm honored you said yes to me why did you
say yes to me well um you have a good charm over text very good charm and now in person the same so
that's good um i just i wanted it to be i wanted to be a a clearinghouse so to speak or whatever i have
to say vocally to people yeah about the book we're probably i would assume gonna cover pretty much the
entire thing yes and and so it's out there and at my age you know i want to get it at the point where
i'm still you know smiling and thinking clearly and all that stuff um and and then i just want to
let it let it go into the ether and and it's well researched well documented well talked you know
and it doesn't really need to be um beaten yeah like a dead horse well i'm honored you said yes and
i i do think we're gonna package something in a way that you know right right now it's uh it is these
really structured we were talking about this earlier like kind of you know baby boomer kind of legacy media
like so this happened and then this happened and then yeah well and it's a question and answer um
yeah all the the the interviews that i've had up to this point were not podcasts before podcasts were
a thing so it was very my last one was in florida and it was he was very nice very nice crew just like
your crew very nice people but but it was very structured it was very yeah question and then answer
question and answer and and it was very heavily edited you know for time and all that so i just
came across as very um you you couldn't see me try yeah like well that that gets that begets skepticism
now like when you see the like the even the late night talk shows or like the you know the the
primetime broadcasts or whatever and it's this like very like done up you know manicured like like you
you know set thing where it's like the producers were in touch with the guests prior clearly
we're gonna go over this go over all these things like it's funny you should ask that
well i was on vacation with my family or whatever it's like what are you it's so weird yeah and then
you have honestly rogan's the biggest innovator oh gee him and like mark maron and stuff where it's
was fully just off the cuff and you get a sense for you're this voyeur looking into a conversation
that's happening super organically and naturally yeah and you can suss out what's you know real and
what's fake and yeah personalities have a lot to do with people's um um authenticity yes totally well
i'm you know i'm i'm i'm happy because i i watched all your interviews and i was like this guy i think
seems very sane and you seem even more sane in person great to see my stigmata
yeah exactly well you know something funny you were saying that you know this guy who's probably
crazy and might be a hemophiliac if his wound was open this entire conference uh was uh you know
saying that that he you know had a stigmata uh you know one of the first guys to receive uh stigmata was
saint francis of assisi post jesus this is i think 13th century italy on mount laverne and there's this
religious studies professor named diana pisolka and she basically says if you look at the original
translation of what happened to saint francis it was probably just an interaction with a ufo and he
it received sort of electromagnetic you know damage look at you bringing stigmata back to my story
that's what i'm saying what a host yeah you know we do what we can it's awesome yeah okay so we're
midway through the story so we talked about project preserve destiny base one which was overseas
somewhere there was a second base is that right so you you leave base one are you just like back into
your normal air force electronics intelligence job or what do you yeah all of it's under the auspices of
that okay um and then i get i get orders that base is actually i i closed that base down um the base
itself closed the entire base not just our aspect of it okay so um i went to my next base and um
same thing got you know read in as far as security clearances and for that place it took like
i don't know 30 days for my security clearances to come in so i had no job it was like i was just free
to do whatever i wanted to do yeah just hanging out and actually a funny story i
you're supposed to stay within the area you know because if they call you you have to get there when
they tell you to get there and i took a chance and i drove just about to say the state but i won't
um i drove to a friend's house it was about a uh four hour drive something like that four or five hours
and they called me when i got there they called me in and said you need to be here at eight o'clock in
the morning and i was like oh my gosh i gotta get back and it was a blizzard there was a blizzard
the entire way home and i almost didn't make it back because of the blizzard and so um the the moral
that story is uh do what they tell you to do and stay in the local area when you have a 30-day
hiatus anyway yes i so my clarence's got um is finally there and i got
um for that one i went into my job and i was working my regular job and the introduction happened
by the previous captain actually showing up at my job in on the floor where i was working
and i was like oh hey cat what's what's up i didn't even know you were in the states i i didn't know
where he went from from where we were before and so you know we kind of had a nice friendly back and
forth and so this is the guy who's pseudonymously named captain white or yeah whoever was the captain
i i i can't remember the names now but yeah the captain at the first base yeah okay it was my former
contact he was he was relaying to me my next contact who was a captain and at station at that
base and um and so they were together and so i got a an in-person introduction this time as opposed to
over the phone or whatever and then he took me over to the computer screen and i had already
i had already looked it up i'd already done the thing and i saw that it was there so he didn't really
even have to tell me but um but i knew who my contact was now so that was the most important
thing and same thing you go to this sort of workstation terminal is it in a van this time
no no this was in a big room okay big air air conditioned room it was um uh this was oh the
previous base was very small we had like 25 50 people something like that in our detachment very
everybody knew one another it was very small knit or close knit um but the next space it was a very
big base very big uh detachment um uh we had a multi-service air force navy marines everybody was
there on the same building um so it was a big room uh but i wasn't as close to the people around me
either so i had a little bit more space to do my thing um so nobody was hovering over me or right
next to me or whatever and uh that took a couple maybe a couple months before i started receiving
uh maybe not that long after i got briefed or into you know my security clearances and i started
doing my job um i started to receive communications again prepare for communications like oh okay well here
we go i'm at work let's go started to um translate those and same thing do you know just same variety
as the first well no actually the communication has changed themselves but i'm just saying that the
whole process i every once in a while i just gonna get a communication just like i did at the previous
space and you're just sitting at your workstation sometimes i was monitor yeah sometimes i was in the
bathroom i mean i could be anywhere in the building you'd receive communications wherever
yeah it but i was always in the building so you'd always be in the building and then you'd go to the
workstation and yeah they type it whoever was overseeing this whole thing they knew where i was
kind of location wise i was at work whoa they knew my shift so once you received some sort of message
you'd go to the the monitor and you'd type in slash and you'd type in whatever messages you were
seeing and one one eight then the five digit code but the rest of the communication there was a lot of
a lot of this one this marked a time when i became much more um it became much more detailed
the communications were much more detailed how so what were they like very like pictures images
yeah these communications they were they were much more colorful um i think uh also you could get
a a an emo kind of a a sense of an emotion with the images so it wasn't uh you know like when you
watch a movie and you see somebody crying or you see you can get emotion through visual and not just
auditory not you know seeing i mean um hearing um but you know like words and stuff but you can see and
these and these and these images that i saw they didn't have words to them i saw images but no words
but i i felt emotion i could feel emotion with the image um not necessarily all the time but if it
meant to have emotion then i could feel emotion um now whether that was conveyed with the message
or whether i had emotion looking at the visual i don't i can't really you know suss that as far as
which uh which was the generator of it the image or me but i did feel emotion with some of the images
um so it was very much more colorful um do you remember any of the specifics of what was coming
through oh like the example of the rocket that was one of the ones that i got is that was a visual um
um because you also you also experienced a rocket failure in base one as well no i think that the
visuals were at the base two two not base one that's so interesting that it's like rockets specifically
because if you were that's what i remembered there's a lot of others sure like scenes at a grocery store
like random things okay um i saw some troop movements before i saw like uh uh jeeps and and um
two and a half ton deuces or whatever they're called the the big truck carrying trucks um
marching you know troop marching um i saw um see
some nature stuff like in the forest uh animals things like that did they feel like things of
particular strategic importance or like were they just random well no i i really honestly
believe the entire process or the the the entire time that i was doing this was all testing it wasn't
it wasn't didn't have any functionality to it was this alien being that you're now speaking to
the same as spock was it different no this was a different one um i only know that based on the
the uh the quality of the communication because it i would i could say that if i were talking to you on
the phone and and then you put you know somebody else on the phone like a lady i could tell that that
was two people sure even another guy i could tell it was two people and that in the same way with this
communication you can you can definitely tell that the communication is different it has a different
flavor a different um substance to it subs um like the tapestry analogy that i meant it's a different
type of tapestry so i think every i would assume when you're when i'm communicating with them i have a
certain tapestry that they're tapping into did you have a nickname for this alien yes i did
what was that well i started on the the star trek theme so i just continued it with bones
and and i only said bones because i thought it was just a funny
i used that because it was funny but there was no really correlation with the first one there was
a correlation because he was logical and so i was like oh that's cool let's let's name him spock but
the second one was just a continuation of the the naming did you ever try to ask bones or spock
personal questions like where do you come well yeah um for bones i became more adept at doing
that because i had just discovered this new plane with with uh um with spock but then i left soon
after we shut down that that communications there because the base base was closing and the c van was
being uh closed up and you know um packed up and all that so um i wasn't able to do anymore with spock but
bones i continued that theme because i almost in almost immediately i tried that new plane that
i was telling you about the the closer one and he was also fairly um i wouldn't say shocked but he was
inquisitive about like really you could do that that's interesting and and so we used that or i used
it to and i don't think i needed to looking back at it i could have just used the regular um tapestry or
plane or whatever you want to call it um but i kind of associated this in my mind i associated that
other one the closer one with a more informal communication so that's what i would always use for
my questions and so i had questions for bones and i think a lot of the ones that we went over
already are the ones that came from bones but well you you also i think asked both bones and spock
is it okay that we're communicating like this from the perspective of this national security program
that you're involved with and i think they both said the same thing is that right they did what did
they both say they they said it it's there's no i can't remember the exact um but he basically said
that there's no problem i mean it's not a big deal yeah yeah it's uh communicating is communicating
and i think they both almost express uh they're like we don't quite know what the you know exact
protocols are of your like human program so it's cool with us like it doesn't matter for you know from
our perspective it seemed like they were kind of like uh uh on the same track as i was like um
they're just being doing what they're being told to right you know kind of like maybe they have
officers on the alien side and they're like they have need to know and they don't really have a
limited information set and they're just now they did they did um shut down communications a lot when i
when i tried to ask things that they didn't want to answer yeah they would just shut down um but but
i didn't get the sense that there was a certain way that things needed to happen they were i think
they were more interested in the testing of my ability to communicate yeah then they were necessarily
the content now of course i i'm sure they had off limit types of subjects that they couldn't talk about
but um for the most part when when i did ask a question they would give some sort of an answer at least
or shut down yeah or they'd seem like kind of coy and like you know give you some high level like
riddle or something well i don't think they tried to riddle it's just that my feeble brain sure
it became a riddle because of my feeble brain well it's like if you live in some timeless dimension
or something you're trying to describe that to somebody like the words literally will fail on you as well
so what did bones say about religion when you asked uh well i got the impression that we were um
he mentioned that the that we are part of the same creation in other words we're part of the same
fabric of existence as the aliens yeah okay yeah we're all we're all part of it um he didn't
necessarily say they have a soul but he said that that um he he implied we have a soul he said that there
are two intel there are two creations intelligent and non-intelligent and like plants were part of the
non-intelligent and we and them were part of the intelligent creation and that if you have
intelligence then you have what i interpreted when when i heard it was a soul now he might have meant
something else but this internal agency or internal knowing that i think that that's probably a better
way of knowing it and i think i ascribe because at the time i was religious i i had a religious
belief so to speak um so i think i pushed soul into that that round hole yeah um now that i look back
on it it didn't necessarily mean soul but it meant a sort of a a self-agency a self-awareness did you
ever ask any questions about yourself like how was i genetically manipulated or why or okay i um
if i did i don't remember it because i i didn't get an answer i don't think because i i don't remember
anything like that did you ever ask them how long they've been visiting humanity yes um i i tried to
address that several times um my impression was that they've been here for a very long time
um and that they've they've intersected with humanity at different times and he did mention also that um
it became much more difficult once our civilization had advanced because it was
the the the levels of communication between civilizations and stuff it was harder to keep
um their um autonomy or their their distance so to speak from when they wanted the distance it was
harder to do that when other societies were talking about each other this was my impression they didn't
exactly say it that way but that's what i i got the impression of did they talk about any sort of
interbreeding between humans and aliens i got the impression that they had interbredded before um
experimentally i i'm not that that doesn't necessarily mean that it was still or that we still have
the results of that so to speak on earth but um he he did mention that um they had experimented with
that in the past did you ask are you the only alien race are there others yeah um thank you for
reminding me of reminding me of that uh yes um he said there were a lot like um i got the impression
that it was a silly question like like of course there's there's more speed this entire universe
and you think we're the only two yeah so i got that impression did you ask if they have genders you
know and their race or their lifespans were um they do have female and male they have a different um
they don't they don't procreate exactly like we do um but they do have a dual a dual sex type of um
situation and um and yes they he said they do eliminate waste um and i i sensed a little bit of a
humor with that yeah which was funny because here's two different species and you talk about
waste and you get humor yeah in both cases which is that's fascinating yeah and but i never felt
i never felt a sense of like um doubled over laughing type of yeah but i could sense that it was a a
lighter topic like that oh interesting yeah um when you when you talk about like missiles or you know
you get an imagery of missiles or something like that it has a it has a a certain um framework or
emotion to it and then when you talk about stuff like that it has a different framework or emotion
to it so yeah i sense humor it's funny i just interviewed this uh whistleblower named charles
hall who claimed to live with paul white aliens while stationed at area 51 for two and a half years
and he claims that they lived with them lived with wow yeah and he yeah like like interactions
across you know you know days at a time over in a two and a half year period where he interacts with
family groups you know the some of the kids and the father and the and he has names for them he calls
one of them a good friend that's what he calls one the teacher he calls one um something hairy
he is it's wild um anybody he says that the ufos have bathrooms on them in the back of that craft
was a restroom in the back of all the all those people are extra true or at real physical biological
entities they all have to eat they all have to breathe air drink water and they all have to
periodically go to the restroom so i don't know um well i i mean it stands to reason i mean we're
organisms and sure organisms have to eliminate yeah yes speaking of ufos did you ask about their mode
of travel at all yeah the um it had to do with electromagnetic energy and and time um uh
uh i think the uh i can't even remember what it's called now the where that there's a scientist that
came up with this concept of of um um um pulling the ship as opposed to pushing the ship yeah sure the
al cubi area yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah over the years after my communication i i came to think that
that was a very very close proximity to what he was you're surfing kind of a space-time wave yeah
you you create a void in front of you and you fall into that void and you keep creating the void yes
bob lazar also says similar stuff to that i really think that was what he was with what they were trying
to i mean they never really got into details but they used um uh a manipulation of electromagnetic energy
probably something that we don't really understand at this point did they have anything to say about
the nature of human beings or what what we are he always referred to us as water vessels or water
beings water humans um there was always a water aspect of it and i think it's because they were
probably not as they aren't made up as as of a much of as much water as we are that's what i gather
i guess we are like 80 percent water yeah yeah water is conductive and yeah so it it was just an
interesting i mean it wasn't something that we focused on it was just in in reference he would
say that's that's how he referred to as humans water beings water beings it's fascinating did you get
into project preserve destiny and whether it was uh you didn't ask them any questions i did but i never
really got any answers on any of that did you ask whether it was international or just well yeah we
did um he did say that it was more than one country okay yeah that that was um maybe not necessarily
involved with ppd but that but that was involved with their involvement with earth so to speak did you
receive any messages about alien abductions or alien activity well that was okay so towards the end of my
my stay with this project i started to receive stuff that indicated that it was um abductions and
that's where i started to feel um like an accessory you know accessory to the crime so to speak and
who knows whether that was a crime or not i mean i don't know i don't know in retrospect i don't know
whether they were abducting for humanitarian reasons who knows you know maybe maybe upgrade
our conscious yeah yeah yeah or increase our ability to um know about the body and and and work with it
and heal it and there could be so many different reasons why but why surreptitiously why not tell the
the public about what's going on so at the time and of course i was going through a stage in my life
too also where i didn't want to be isolated anymore yeah i was in a prime age where you know you're
dating and how old are you um when i got out i was uh around that time i was uh 30 yeah around 30
it's definitely the prime of your life yeah well i believe you asked the first captain that briefed
you on everything at the nsa complex why is this whole thing being kept secret and he talked about
economic destabilization and things like that but i think you know i think he was parodying what he was
told i i don't think he i don't think he had any agency in that answer yeah yeah yeah and and it's the
same answer that everybody has that the reason why we're not being told anything is because
religion will you know be upset i think that's bullshit i mean i think we live in a pretty in
effect atheist materialist world or whatever well there would be a certain faction of people that
would blow their mind if if if it actually came out sure truth-wise i think it would reinforce
religion in many ways but that's will create maybe others who knows but yeah it would be
it would definitely do a be a shock to the system for sure nothing else absolutely yeah yeah but that
doesn't mean that it shouldn't be done i mean yeah but but anyway i think his what he was saying to me
was just it was it was just pat answer did you get like kind of a map of what was going on alien
abduction wise or see any visually or anything um so the the the reason why i thought it was abductions is
because of the the the um fields so to speak that i was reporting you know the information um they
would report like uh potentiality for recall and and um pain levels and and um just different
um things that would i would have to report a number in back of so that indicated that it was some sort
of it could be bad or good based on the numbers so a pain level could be good or bad so so it was
almost like you were reporting on abductions like somebody's pain level after having experienced an
abduction that's fascinating and so you were like the the like readout debrief guy or whatever without
even maybe knowing it sort of unwittingly yeah and whoa and this is up until that point i had thought
or i had assumed that the information that i was conveying was all training it was all just stuff you
know that was um testing my ability to communicate and then when the that started it shifted my head
like well we're not testing this anymore i mean obviously i can i can communicate a few numbers and and a word
so you're you're actually using me as an operational asset to communicate stuff and why you would need
to do that i that was another thing is but but i don't want to be i don't want to be um it's one
thing to train me to do something or you know to in a training environment and nobody's getting hurt or
you know nothing's nothing nefarious um other than the fact that you're keeping this from the world but
other than that set that aside um but now i i see that i am part of something that may be nefarious
now maybe not but maybe and then so i brought that up to my my captain and he didn't give me
satisfactory answers he said i look i i'm just your communicator here i'm just your contact i'm i'm not
i'm not in a position to um say it's okay dan you know you know no that's not happening i don't know
i don't even know what you're communicating so how am i i don't know what to do here so and then when i
got to the point where i said i want to get out that's when he became an important catalyst for my
getting out because he said um i honestly don't think you're gonna be able to get out
like even when your list is up yeah you're gonna have to stay in so but was that the thing that gave
you moral qualms about what you do i mean it is fascinating you were kind of like reporting on
abductions for the aliens maybe like they were probably you know yeah getting receiving signals
from you about or reports from where the abductions were occurring and then simultaneously presumably
you have some gray human faction of you know the proverbial deep state or whatever military
industrial complex coordinating on where the alien abductions are occurring levels of pain people are
feeling that's that's amazing yeah and and i i honestly could not i i couldn't be a part of it i i
i mean i felt morally um um compromised yeah because i didn't have any choice there was no
agency in this you know so it's one thing it's like um you know when you're told to go out and
kill an enemy well you have agency you can say no i'm not going to do that and you can court martial
me you can do whatever you need to do but i'm not going to do that well i didn't have that other than
what i did was try to get out i didn't have that option i didn't have anybody to say no stop
communicating with me i don't want to do that and i actually did in my communications i tried to ask
about it and say are these abductions and i would never get an answer it was like the stonewalling and
that's what led me to get all angry about it it's so interesting too because in ufo alien lore you have
around 1954 as this like really important point where this is again mythology i don't have a ton
of corroboration for this other than i think the fact that eisenhower was actually in palm springs at
the time claimed to have a dentist appointment and then the the uh sort of story is that that was cover
for a meeting he had at edwards air force base and it was a meeting with aliens where he basically agreed
you know for basically like favor in military matters uh to uh give up part of the you know
american population for medical testing you know when it came to the alien presence and so that really
does sound like what you're talking about maybe outside of the dates being you know early 1960s
versus yeah well i often wondered well how did they how did they get this information to people
that needed to get it before right before the ics were doing this sure i was doing at least so i but
but um it may be it may have been a test you know to test my um resolve to to you know they kind of
kind of poke on the little bit of is he gonna is he gonna report anything that we tell him yeah
you know dead dead numbers is he gonna report stuff that is immorally just way immoral is he gonna
have problems with anything yeah and i had evidently had a problem have you ever been abducted by an
alien i had never been abducted i mean to my knowledge anyway your knowledge yeah you never
found an implant or anything sort of bizarre like that no have you had synchronicities in your life
that you feel like led to your involvement in project preserve destiny um well you know it's
hard to it's hard to have some sort of concrete evidence but i i remember when i was in second
grade i was playing on a garage roof and we were there was a walnut tree next to the roof and we were
leaning out on the branches and um one of the branches snapped and i fell and i fell like 25 feet
it was really really high and i fell on my back directly on my back and i remember feeling
a sense of warmth i i did i didn't feel the impact but i don't i don't think i felt it as much as you
would no normally that would be severely debilitating yeah and i and i it made me cry and i got up but i
felt this warmth over me and i i i thought that maybe i was bleeding or you know the the trauma of
the i mean you don't think of you don't think of a lot of things when you're second grade but but in my
memory i did not hit that ground the way i should have hit it given it was 25 feet up and who knows
i mean there could have been some sort of um um watching over so to speak of of my personhood um
and of course the sr 71 pilot he really encouraged me to go in the air force and um um
i have this uh in my the update of my book which i did in 2008 or something like that i have this
ability to hear a certain and it's not necessarily hearing but it's through my ear it's like a wave
that comes through my my head and it's sensed in my eardrum and and i think i've correlated it to
seismic activity i think i'm highly sensitive to seismic activity interesting and i correlated it
before i got it in the program you'd sense earthquakes well i can't sense an earthquake
itself but i can sense i think what is happening to a precursor of an earthquake or maybe after you
have like premonitions well it's not you know not a premonition it's because premonition is more of a
a idea yeah this is a an actual physical thing that happens and and it's like um i don't know
if anybody else has this ability but when like when a electronic item comes on a tv or um anything
that's really highly electronic i can i can sense when it's come on you can yeah whoa and like if if so
if i'm in the in a different room and somebody has the the tv down yeah the tv screen down um i can
sense when it's come on so you're hypersensitive to electromagnetic oh definitely so interesting so
the i think i've correlated the the earthquake thing and it's not a one-to-one correlation it's
very tenuous and ethereal you know because sometimes i'll send stuff and sometimes i won't well i think you
put some examples in your book around your blog where you predict accurately certain earthquakes
based on sensations and and the only reason i did it i i had a blog um back in the early 2000s and
i put on there that i don't usually say stuff because my blog was about entrepreneurial stuff
and things like that but i i did put in there i said i don't usually bring this topic into my blog but
i really have to put this somewhere because i need it uh to be logged and i said i'm really i have
this way or thing in my ear where i can sense electromagnetic energy or what i think is
electromagnetic energy and so i'm i woke up that i i don't know if i woke up but i had i had lost ear
a hearing in one of my ears for like three days it was really really intense this because usually i
just feel it going through my head there's a really minor time of like maybe five seconds that i can't
hear and then it goes away but this one i i was like deaf in one ear for like three days it was
ridiculous i couldn't i i didn't know what was going on but then i quarterly i was like well there's got
to be some there's got to be some correlation to something earthquake wise so i put in my blog i
said now i'm thinking that this might be within the next couple weeks it could be in a couple months
but it's it's impending this this it's got to be some a seismic activity so um there was like two
7.5 earthquakes back to back in japan and some people commented on my blog saying oh is that it you
know and and it was only like a week or so after my thing and i was like you know i guess it could be
but i don't think it is i think there's something way bigger than that i think this is not because
because i've i've gone through 7.5 earthquakes around the world you know before i never had that
happen so i was like no i think it's something else so that was in september of
of oh three i believe it was and in december is when the the um the indonesian earthquake
came and you know 250 000 people died of battle waves and all that stuff and well no it was four
it was it was because i updated my book in 2006 and i updated it with that okay so anyway okay um but
it was it was huge yeah whether that was just coincidence and and i got that sensation you know
that that amount of time before the earthquake who knows and i haven't got anything like that
since and there's been really really big earthquakes so now i i will get i will get it like periodically
like three times and usually is there an earthquake after you get it i would i would say
um a lot of the times but not all the time which is reason why i'm so i'm so unclear on it because
so if it were a one-to-one type of thing then i'd be like yeah that's definitely it well it's
fascinating if you could map out the correlation more i i i think maybe the more interesting thing
is most people can't sense when a tv is turned on in their room next to them i mean that's really unique
yeah it's it's um i can definitely sense and and it actually has a lot to do well the the modern tvs
yeah not so much but the tube tvs yeah those are the ones that i could really do you think if if
somebody did a study on you and you were like in a faraday cage or like in a not even faraday cage
because that will block out the electromagnetic signals so maybe that's a better thing say somebody
did an experiment on you i would love to do that yeah you were in a room somebody was in another room
next door they shared a wall you know that they have an old tv in that room and they're turning
on the tv do you think you'd be able to i honestly i think i could wow i i mean i've never done it
before but and this is very anecdotal because i i could i i sensed it when i when i was a kid i would
always know when the tv was on because when my dad would because we had an older tv and and the sound
wouldn't come on with it it would it would be one of those tube tvs you know the big tubes in the back
it was a big magna box and um but i i could be in a different room and i would know that when the
tv came on because the sound wouldn't come up initially it would just tv would come on and warm
up very old and so yeah i just i i have a very i'm very sensitive to things like that i'm also sensitive
too it's very interesting um and this is a fairly new correlation although i've always had it probably
but with the advent of a lot of videos being shared of people hurting themselves when somebody when i
when i watch a video of like you know these these videos where you'll have a whole montage of people
falling and and crashing into a wall yeah it's crashing their bike and you know all these things
falling on their porch it's like rob dyrdek show or whatever of like yeah i can't watch those because
when i when when the impact yeah happens i feel it in my body my entire body does a shot when when i look
at that and and it's that i think it has to do with the empathic yeah nature of me seeing a visual like
that it i i honestly cannot i mean i'll watch a couple of them and then i'll go no i can't do that
so you're you're hypersensitive very very sensitive very sensitive to smell yeah hearing all my all my
senses are very very very heightened like it drives it drives my girlfriend crazy i can smell somebody
smoking in the car in front of me on the highway whoa i'm so interesting i mean a lot of people can smell
smoke too but but they can it's very very very very heightened well it's you know there are
different forms of sensing and we obviously have the the five senses but you know that like the
platypus can sense electric fields for example you have lots of examples like that you know so
it's kind of impossible yeah or it's like what you know maybe there's genetic mutations and maybe you
were literally genetically manipulated by aliens in the womb yeah to be able to sense certain things
it could have ancillary crossovers in other in other areas of the brain well that would make sense
yeah that it wouldn't be an isolated thing yeah yeah babies also have you know they're hypersensitive
they also have synesthesia up until six months and there's a space psychologist who works with a lot
of astronauts and she calls herself a cognitive engineer her name is dr ea whiteley and she's trying to
train babies to retain their synesthesia for longer because she thinks that comports with alien
communication though it's it's really interesting very interesting yeah your job is really interesting
i love it it's so fun man it's so interesting i mean i get to talk to people like you and learn about all
this crazy stuff it's so cool um has anything well actually we should talk about like the increased sort
of bitterness towards this you're in the prime of your life you're 30 years old you know that you
have all this opportunity cost you're probably have no romantic life your social life is probably kind
of shot and then you talk to your captain about wanting out and what does he say and how yeah he said
he he suggested he didn't say it like you know you will not but he said i don't honestly given your
position i don't think they're going to allow you to get out period never mind the fact you want to get
out now i had about two or three years left on my enlistment and i decided to just make an end run and
try to get out um because i just didn't want to be a part of it anymore and and i think if they had
if i had if i had become more embraced part of a community you know part of a mission yeah
those are different you you're your human mind approaches that differently than if you're just
isolated and in a box and nobody wants to talk to you and you're just a tool yep it it's harder it's
harder to keep that that motivation and that the the superman um the superman uh uh aspect of this
you know because when you're first told this you think oh i'm i'm a little bit of a superhero yeah
i'm really special and all that that only goes so far and so long and and then you start to that
starts to become no longer a novelty it's just it's a drudgery and then when i get this information
about the about the um abduction is that it just took on a new level and i just didn't want to be
a part of it anymore so how'd you get out at the time the don't ask don't tell policy was in place
and um and i i was bisexual at the time and uh less so now but at the time i was and so i
admitted i said i wrote a letter to my commander and i said and this was the the commander that was
not in charge of me from the project perspective project preserve destiny it was my just my regular
chain of command my black and and then unclassified level that chain of command got a letter and i said
i'm admitting homosexuality and whatever you want to do with that but i don't want to be i don't want
to be in in a conflict with the policy of you know no homosexuals in the military and so just want to
let you know i want to be honest and then that's the paperwork started and discharge and the whole nine
yards wow so the chain of command was crucial there because if if the chain of command for
project preserve destiny had their way and they had final say on that then i would not have gotten
out they would have just tossed the letter and and but i i purposely went through another chain of
command who did not have the option of doing something like that were you relieved on the
other side of of this or oh yeah definitely i i was way happier that i didn't have to participate in
that anymore um do i have regrets yeah of course i mean i i i regret not being able to continue
serving my time because i'm kind of a you know i i'm a patriotic guy and i love my country and and i i
felt that was a little bit of a um a stab in the back of the country but on the other flip side of that
they were stabbing me in the back too oh yeah or at least a certain faction of the of my chain of
command so it was it was something that i had to tussle with mentally but well you served and they
can't hold you captive yeah yeah yeah exactly so and i wasn't going to be held captive that's for sure
and an alien intuitive communication program nonetheless you know it's not a yeah garden variety like you
know just being deployed um dan did you experience any backlash after telling this story i mean it's
kind of a a bombshell claim the nsa is notorious for knowing everything about everybody per ed snowden's
revelations yeah that's true um you know i do have one story um this was about maybe two years after
the book came out something like that maybe a little less and i was working in an office and
uh howard stern show called okay on my cell phone and um they the producer one of the producers was just
trying to find a story to you know bring on the the show and so he's asking me some questions and
and and so i got off the phone and hung up the phone and i i was like wow howard stern that's
got an interesting interesting little venue for talking about aliens okay and then not i'd say
maybe a minute went by and i got another call on my cell phone and and the person on the other end of
the line said drop the story don't go on howard stern and stop talking about it no way and then just
hung up no way it was only about a minute after the the call and he didn't go on howard stern no
and and well they never called back howard stern never called back so maybe they got the same call
i don't know i don't know whether it was just wasn't worth it for them to do it or they got a call
or i don't know but you got a call from a random number that wasn't in your phone well this was
but phone probably didn't even have the number you weren't even saving numbers at that no no no
that's wild and what did it sound threatening no it just it just sounded very direct to the point
and i think it was just a they've been monitoring the situation with this story and and they know that
that if if they put attention to it the government says you know they arrest me let's say yes me and
and put me up on charges um they're validating the story right so it it's almost like it's better to
not just leave them alone and be among you know one amongst the stigmata and and the alien that nobody
knows how to differentiate exactly that's the trouble i have with some of these things it's like
and especially on youtube sometimes it's like a it always has this quacky veneer it's self-concealing
it's self-stigmatizing and people don't have the discernment they bucket it in with the stigmata
stuff and i'm like no i think this is kind of real like this this is like a very different you know
yeah variety that is the problem with the whole the whole topic yeah yeah because you don't know what
to what to take serious and what to not take you really don't do you think that the nsa or powers
that be know that this interview is happening it obviously hasn't been released do you think
somebody's tracking us doing this i think i've been off the grid so long yeah that i probably have
not i don't have an asian attached to your story i don't think but slip through the cracks who knows
who knows yeah yeah well to anybody listening i'll let you know if i get a call okay i'll do the
same yeah yeah hopefully we neither of us get dropped the story right after this you took this whole
trip has anything you know after having left this program for many years now you're out for
you know three decades i imagine you go to these ufo conferences you've written your book and people
come out of the woodwork and so have you met anybody who said i was also a part of project preserve
destiny or anything like that i've i've had people mention to me that they met somebody who
confirmed that it existed but nobody that was actually in the program no i haven't i have not
had anybody contact me do you know uh have you heard of this guy named noah i could be pronouncing his
last name incorrectly rodek noah rodek well how do you spell the last name h-r-a-d-e-k oh no so he put
out a freedom of information act around project preserve destiny probably inspired by your story
to the air force and wanted to know if it was real and the air force uh said that's an nsa project
forwarded it to the nsa and then the nsa said we can't comment on the existence or non-existence
of such a project standard answer standard answer if you're admitting that it exists basically the
modern hermeneutic reading on that is this is a real project i want to emphasize just how important
this point of discussion is while at first the air force denied the existence of project preserve
destiny to this independent researcher noah rodek they followed up later saying this and i quote good
afternoon this letter is in final response to your 27th of july 2023 freedom of information act request
for requesting information on project preserve destiny we apologize in the delay in responding
after a careful review of your request we have determined that the information you are seeking
falls under the purview of the nsa therefore our office has referred your request to the nsa for
their processing and direct response to you why would the air force tell rodek that this program
fell under the purview of the nsa if the program didn't exist and it's remarkable that his request
to begin with didn't even mention dan sherman it independently corroborates that project preserve
destiny existed under the nsa then not only could the nsa not confirm or deny the existence of project
preserve destiny they cited executive order 13526 around projects classified in the interest of national
defense to quote their exact response this agency has determined that the fact of the existence or
non-existence of the material you request is a currently and properly classified matter in accordance
with executive order 13526 thus your request is denied so yes on the one hand the nsa is caveating their
entire response with the existence or non-existence of project preserve destiny they're basically giving
themselves an out on the program even existing but why would the non-existence of project preserve
destiny cause the nsa to invoke executive order 13526 which only involves classified programs dealing
with national defense why would they cite this specific executive order in response to a foyer request
around project preserve destiny to me the air force rerouting the foyer request to the nsa
actually feels like more of a smoking gun on the program's existence the nsa's response could be
interpreted as a standard runaround or non-answer but i'll let my hardcore researcher friends weigh in
here perhaps what's even harder to argue with than coded language from the government is this certificate
granted to sherman by the nsa for satisfactory completion of the ea 280 intermediate electronics
intelligence collection and analysis course again this was for the daytime course sherman attended
at the nsa complex doing normal electronics intelligence training not his very classified
project preserve destiny work he would do at night but it really helped substantiate his presence with the
nsa when he claimed to be working with them a fantastic researcher named richard geldreich did even more
digging on dan sherman with an ancestry.com search the results showed that sherman likely in fact lived in
omaha nebraska between 1993 and 1994 around 15 to 20 minutes from off at air force base in nebraska where he said
he was stationed could this be project preserve destiny base too it certainly fits his description
and so i don't know if you know that that happened um it sounds familiar it sounds like somebody told
maybe you told me in in some of the communications we've had i've heard some something i don't think i
did no i heard somebody say something about it somewhere you know when you're when you're in my
position you hear so many people talk about so many different things and it's it just it becomes
just a conglomeration of of information that just goes through my head and i and it doesn't help that
my personal interests don't really lie in this area yeah no no i think that's cool though it's like
probably good it's also to me it's a good signal that you reacted the way you did just now um because
i think if somebody were like cared a lot about like you know arguing for his case he'd be like
like they'd have like a kind of like an encyclopedic like canon of like corroborating evidence and
you're like yeah cool like i know what i went through so it doesn't really matter to me like
i think that's a big deal as a researcher and you're like whatever it's like i had a i had more of an
interest in aliens before i knew they were aliens really than i do now why i think it's the mystery of
it the mystery is what people are attracted to right um uh i mean obviously you know we want to
know the truth yeah but um but i know the truth so you feel like you've gotten confirmation yeah so
my mystery the kind of the mister uh the um the mystery aspect of it has vanished have you tried to
develop your communications and speak oh i've tried before and after leaving yeah you preserve destiny
have you have you been successful nothing nothing's there it's interesting it's like
it was closed off have you tried to recreate any of the training with the tones or anything like that
or no i i think they used um some sort of equipment that was designed for that that was sort of this
special proprietary thing that they figured out and it's so interesting yeah i also think of the nsa's
involvement with this stuff the modern you know the the kind of ufo research group that is you know
very in the know right now as far as the the official like the modern project blue book if you will
um it's called hero the all domain anomalies resolution office okay and the current uh head of
that it was a former nsa director i don't think he was like the director but he was like a director level
or whatever um so i find that interesting it's john kozlowski so i find that interesting as well it's
like why would you put that guy you know maybe there is some nsa overlap because there aren't
too many stories connected with the nsa and the alien stuff but you would assume you know if the alien
stuff is real which obviously i believe it is the nsa has to have a lot of entanglement with it
yeah um you know there's so many different connections because i was assigned to
um well let's just say in general yeah i was assigned to the space command and and during some
of my tenure in the air force and and uh they have they have many connections to so nsa has many
connections to many different um bands yeah okay they're not just nsa and that's it sure you know they
have you know connections everywhere yeah yeah yeah well i won't ask more brushed up against
classified stuff there's a guy named scott andrews have you heard that name he when he was 36 years
he has i guess um a biography coming out this or next year uh that's very anticipated when he was 36
years old he started experiencing headaches and migraines and kind of destabilizing dizziness some
kind of havana syndrome style effects yeah and he said uh that his father he he started to you know
wonder why he was feeling like this like it was almost like his identity was breaking down
and then he approached his father who had a file on him uh and he started to realize that as a as a
child uh i think in in like you know elementary and middle school he was taken out of class and he was
taken to uh space command to the an air force base with the space command center and was doing kind
of intuitive communications with aliens so it definitely sort of comports with your with your
story what's his name again scott andrews and did he how did you find out about this it's all over
twitter oh okay yeah and did he write a book or did he just reveal i think he's written a book and i
think it's coming out at some point in the next year or so interesting yeah how old is he i don't know
how old he is now so yeah i mean i think that might even be a pseudonym i don't know i i i hope he uh
he goes more public but interesting yeah it's very anticipated like this story it could be a um an
offshoot of what i went through maybe another you know because they i'm i'm pretty sure that pvd has been
shut down okay in in its it current or what i saw in current form yeah and and perhaps gone on to
other things because you know things don't happen they don't last forever sure they they get they
morph into something else and then that morphs into something else well do you ever think you're part of
like a reserve group where you'll get called back into yeah well if the if the cataclysmic thing ever
happens i would assume that that would be the case yeah so this is one of the most fascinating
things about your whole story is just recently this year uh in less espresso some italian like weekly
uh there came out a story that references uh project preserve destiny and it comes out of nowhere
and this could be chalked up to some sort of weird like amalgamation of ufo lore like your story
being you know an important one but it goes into a level of detail that you like you don't go into
so it's like what do the authors of this periodical know about this project they say this and this is
a translation there are not only duties in donald trump's new agenda behind the scenes in washington
there's a much darker dossier the one on ufos and according to confidential sources something very
concrete is already moving it's called project preserve destiny and it's much more than just
a study program of so-called uaps unidentified anomalous phenomena behind this name evocative
and disturbing hides an institutional waltz round that risks redrawing the balance between the pentagon
and the white house and then it goes on to describe that project as project preserve destiny and it's like
how does this italian weekly know about your project that is very interesting this is maybe
the strangest modern curveball in sherman's whole story in july of 2025 an italian outlet called le
espresso published an article which discusses project preserve destiny and trump's white house's
involvement with it this magazine is kind of like the atlantic or rolling stones dramatic italian cousin
it has a long history of serious political journalism but it's not shy about flirting
with speculation and theatrical flair it's a serious outlet but we're not talking about the
economist here still when they drop a story about trump taking control of black budget alien programs
you don't dismiss it as trashy tabloid nonsense the article claims that project preserve destiny is not
only real but that trump's inner circle has been in closed door meetings with pentagon officials
and they've decided to move certain special access programs or saps out of pentagon oversight and
directly into the white house projects like project preserve destiny according to the article's
anonymous sources trump sees the ufo issue as a kind of wild card a chance to brand himself as the
president who finally tells americans the truth about aliens an opportunity i personally think he
shouldn't pass up the article goes on to describe six levels of secrecy programs within programs
exactly what sherman describes in his book a black budget cover mission deeply compartmentalized insulated
from oversight by other branches of government but above it a gray program core above black dealing with
the alien issue if you want to dive deeper into this mysterious trump connection and what project
preserve destiny might actually mean for ufo disclosure check out our sub stack american alchemy magazine
i'm linking it in the description below but now back to this crazy interview it's it's fascinating
you know i will say that out of all the presidents that have been uh read into you know black projects
and gray projects yeah i would imagine this is the one that would uh upend the the apple cart as much as he possibly could
sure and it might also be why he has not been read into it too i think there are certain presidents that
the the status quo within the the government yeah control centers that have decided not to read in a
certain president yeah and then other ones they have um and i don't know what the criteria of that would
be well you would assume somebody like a george hw bush who is director of the cia would be like of a different
variety maybe than jimmy carter but they also might do it in in um just in certain times when they
actually need to do it if they don't need to do it then they don't do it so it who knows i mean who knows
how it segues with the white house and uh is the first uh project preserve destiny base that you were at
san vito nor many in southern italy that is one of the bases that i was stationed okay well thank you
for saying that i figured that was that was the one that was shut down so we did a little we did a
little searching from the images that you you know any other bases that have been shut down
that i was at there might have been but the overseas come on researcher where's the research you talk
about the the white the white gold knot the actually talk about an elephant cage which is one of these large
you know antennas and that exists there and talk about it being 50 people and it was a smaller base
and so we we figured it out all right here's where things get interesting after reading dan's book above
black i kept thinking about that elephant cage at the first base dan was stationed at for project
preserve destiny the so-called elephant cage was basically just a large structure which surrounded a
huge antenna or receiver and we now know this base was san vito de normanee air station in italy in
fact here's a photo of it in his book above black i did some research and it turns out this massive
antenna was designed to pick up high frequency waves off at base in nebraska also has high frequency wave
antennas and low frequency wave antennas were these antennas and the signals they received somehow very
important for the signals that dan himself was trying to decode for the nsa were these satellites
somehow aiding in his telepathic downloads did noise cancellation technologies possibly working with
the nsa in maryland provide some much needed technological assistance in filtering out the non-alien
frequencies from these transmissions who knows but we do know that the cia was experimenting as early as
the 60s under dr andre puharic with extra low or ultra low or sometimes called very low frequencies
for telepathic alien communication puharic's work sort of met a tragic dead end he was doing all sorts
of crazy in fact he had a whole team of intuitive communicators he called the space kids who would
constantly channel aliens puharic's work came to a standstill but many have speculated that it was
developed and is still ongoing today so who knows the entire electromagnetic wave spectrum is very
very large is there some slice of it that involves alien signals alien signals being received on these
bases that dan sherman was then able to parse and download with his mind
and then what i you know i did this italian periodical writing about project preserve destiny
there has to be some sort of connection there there is that's very interesting i mean it's years apart
but yeah do you think the vatican knows about this project hmm i don't know i don't know if they would
have a need to know about the project yeah yeah i don't know what do you uh hope for the rest of your
life what what do you what do you are you just do you just want to have like a normal life from here and
you know well i mean i i hope for the country that or the world really that we find um
we find the truth yeah whatever that is and god knows you know today's society the truth is
whatever is being fed to you at that moment sure we we don't know what the truth is um but
it is my hope that we find out the actual truth behind our involvement with alien species in this in
this world in our world history um i but i honestly don't think it'll ever happen yeah i
honestly do not i mean the whole truth we may get we may get certain things that come out like this
you know the the nasa just recently announced that they found some sort of life on mars amazing yeah and
or or evidence of previous life yes and and even that is amazing yeah you know so but it's things like
that that we might find or we might find that aliens have been here a long time ago but are
no longer with us you know we may find these little things well nasa was also just determined to be a
spy agency by trump and so you have to think with some of these little announcements like there was
already a meteor meteorite in the 90s that you know clinton came out with the alh 84001 that had
polycyclic hydrocarbons on it or whatever and so there there's already this belief and we know
that mars had a biosphere and so if there are projects that exist like yours in the at the nsa
where you're systematically communicating with aliens this has to be some sort of slow drip disclosure
like oh we found a little thing with some organic compounds on it or whatever you know that has to
be coordinated yeah well my that's just my hope um and i i'm after this podcast i'm probably just
gonna go right back into my hole i've already had you know since um there was a a book review that just
happened on youtube just a couple days ago that it came across i have an a google alert for my name and
you know so whenever somebody mentions my name it comes up and that came up and uh so it's two people
talking about the book yeah and and um just recently there has been a lot of chatter about my book yeah
i don't know what kind of generated it and but it's probably what led you to it to communicate with me
well i've been into it for for years now what do you think about where the ufo like disclosure stuff
is now like are you tracking any of the modern ufo whistleblowers like david grush i'm not doing anything
okay i i answer a twitter every once in a while like you yeah and that's about it and one person
posted a picture of me a bad picture of me and so i i replied to him i said this is a better picture
it was a military picture um to the extent that my name comes up every once in a while i'll go look
at it sure i'll maybe comment on it if i have a comment um but i can tell you it's ramped up that's
for darn sure yeah i mean it's it's way more prevalent now and again i think it's because
of social media i mean people people like to talk now and and whatever the topic is they want to talk
about it and so that's just a good fodder for talk has this experience opened your mind to new
modalities of physics and communicate like does it make you think that what we think we know and the
received wisdom that we're taught in schools is extremely limited oh i don't know um i've always
been interested in in advancements and stuff like that so when i do see an advancement or i see um like
that uap thing that just with the rocket i don't know you feel with that with the hellfire missile yeah
yeah yeah that eric brosan just showed in front of congress yeah i i have a i have an intellectual
curiosity about it but i don't necessarily correlate it with my experience um
only because i i've there's just been so much so much over the years that that people say well does
that correlate with what you do does that correlate with i have no idea i have no idea i have as much
idea about it as you do did um did steven greer ever reach out to you i i've i've talked with him
i think a couple times over the years um because he has a whole cadre of like whistleblowers from
isn't he the one that he's the one that started that that project disclosure i think yeah disclosure
project yeah that's what i was trying to yeah okay yeah yeah yeah yeah that yeah so they've been
reaching out to you they have yeah okay not steven greer himself but somebody else
else now steven greer i think him and i talked a long time ago okay um but there's somebody else
that's reaching out now that is talking about testimony and stuff so okay and he is in the
position to get whistleblower uh immunity and all that so okay it's like somebody from the government
or on the outside working with the government okay somebody on the outside but working with the government
to get to the right people to give the right kind of immunity so that people can feel free to to say
what they want to say would you testify before oh yeah you'd go under oath oh definitely but but um
i would do it but it's not gonna for me anyway from my project so long ago i don't think it's gonna
really reveal a lot of information but if you were called to go like in a couple weeks you'd get i would
give any information that i have yeah well that's awesome and i think it's a again for the audience
to hear that level of confidence yeah i mean i there's nothing if if they give me the immunity
necessary so i can talk about and not worry about talking about the stuff that i you know worked on
yeah ancillary to the gray project there's no reason not to i mean yeah it'd be open book yeah
yeah that's me yeah yeah under threat of perjury yeah yeah exactly yeah well yeah this is the most
nonchalant conversation i've ever had about alien telepathic communication how chalant can it get
well a lot there's a lot of drama and you know it's a lot of like bluster often when with these
sorts of stories and it's it's refreshing to just hear like uh you know these are the facts but uh
it's been an honor to to speak with you i really appreciate you coming out here and it means a lot
it's been fun yeah what do you think um the final question bones and spock um what do you think they
wanted with humanity do you think they had any sort of intentions for humanity at large
um well i think they were soldiers i mean not not military but like they were underlings yeah yeah
they were just doing their job so to speak yeah but um i i didn't ever get a sense of um any type of
uh anger or any type of um
not being gentle towards us you know having nefarious motives or anything like that
and so when i do see hollywood project you know that aliens are just you know they're
they're out to get us or whatever i don't really see that that's the case i mean
imagine being so advanced that you could coexist with another species and then not know of your
existence totally i mean other than the ones that you want them to know your existence and and be
nefarious towards us there's no reason to be nefarious towards us um or to put it differently we'd be dead
already yeah if they were yeah yeah so i think that they just want the best for our society and
maybe that's why they haven't revealed themselves because the whole star trek uh mantra uh you know
don't don't interfere in other people's other societies or or you know um uh because you you
interject into their society something that would not have been there naturally so you're you're
basically an enemy of that whatever that ecosystem is because it's not natural so maybe they're thinking
like that maybe they want to not be as um interfering as as uh you well you don't want to be as
interfering interfering as you could be if you didn't have the um uh control you know they they
control things so they're going to interfere to the extent that they want to interfere yeah and they
haven't they haven't chosen to interfere more than they have so well speaking of star trek it's like
the prime directive minimal minimal interference with the warp drive civilization yeah exactly so that's
what i'm saying maybe your names were apt exactly there's a little bit of a circle there right yeah
um yeah so i don't think they have any um any bad feelings or bad intentions towards us i'm excited
to see where all this goes i am maybe slightly more optimistic than you i think we'll never get the full
i think like you know the quote-unquote disclosure moment people think of in their heads is actually
just the start of an infinite number of further questions say you were shown a saucer and a hanger
at area 51 that would beget like millions of more trippy questions where you'd be like okay how does it
fly where did it come from you know um so i think it's this never-ending sort of bottomless soup
but i do think we're going to get more incontrovertible evidence uh over the next you know
couple of decades well i've gotten prior to that yeah i mean it's inevitable to uh at some point
other things are going to come out i mean you can't really keep stuff like that hidden forever
yeah it's just not it's not practical um but to the extent that we do get information it's going to
be it's going to be a fun time that's for sure i agree well cheers to that and dan thank you so much
for thank you taking the time it really means a lot and i know you really never do this so the fact
that you responded to me means so much and entrusted me with this uh and uh yeah i think uh people will
be really amazed at the the story but also how you tell the story and how just kind of non nonplussed
in a refreshing way you are yeah i want to thank your uh your crew here they're a good crew oh yeah
they're great agreed i want to thank dan sherman for his time here and to you the audience for
making it to the end again if you want a deeper dive on project preserve destiny check out our
sub stack american alchemy magazine i'm linking that in the description and if you want to see this
story get the airtime and attention it deserves please spread it far and wide spread it to people
who can take action on its implications until next time i'm jesse michaels and this is american alchemy
is
you